 Chapter 20 Gao Qiqiang's struggle

PHS store has closed, gao brothers in cleaning up the inventory.

Gao Qiqiang said: " Who said An Xin and Xu Jiang can find the driver first?”

"Whoever finds it first is the same, Xu Jiang can not get rid of the responsibility this time.”

"Yes, it's all over.”

 Gao Qisheng suddenly looked at Gao Qiqiang seriously: " Are you ready to wait for the police to catch Xu Jiang to surrender?”

Gao Qiqiang was silent, but the expression had said it all.

Gao Qisheng angrily put on the hand of the account book a fell: " I know! What gift do you say to give Anxin, it is to send yourself out!”

"Xiao Sheng, this matter is already unclear, the longer we disturb, the deeper we will sink. I've thought about it, and as long as I carry all these down, I won't involve you or the store. You can also do a good business with the......"

"Brother, do you know how much money we have made in these months? Gross profit of $100, and more per month than last month. The good days are just beginning, but can't you pass it?”

"You are smart and knowledgeable. I feel happy. When the business is done, I can leave for a few years. Besides, Xu Jiang was caught, must have to give me, sooner or later, I might as well strive for a lenient treatment. Eat dinner for yourself. I'll do something. Rest assured, not to turn yourself in. Xu Jiang is not caught a day, I can not be caught a day, I have to stare at him, to prevent him from doing anything to you."Said, Gao Qiqiang opened the shutter door and got out.

 Gao Qisheng anxiously paced back and forth in the store. Finally, he came up with a way, picked up the PHS to dial out a string of number.

 At night, Xiping County Public Security Bureau, Captain Li accompanied the arm bandaged Anxin into the door.

Li Xiang happened to come out of the interrogation room.

Captain Li greeted Li Xiang: " Just right, Anxin's operation has just finished, the anesthetic has not had to come over. It's for you.”

Li Xiang looked at An Xin and said, " People are there. What can you worry about?”

Ann lowered her voice. " What about the gun, my gun?”

Li Xiang took it out of his personal pocket, and the gun was still in the evidence bag."Take good care of it for you, and rest assured.”

Anxin took it over with her good hand and put it into her arms."How is the review?”

Li Xiang nodded and said, " The driver, Guo Zhen, explained very quickly and admitted that he had taken Xu Jiang's money and sold the boss.”

Anxin hurriedly asked, " Can he be a witness?”

Li Xiang put a "OK" gesture: " No problem, Xu Jiang killed when he was also in, buried the body site are all recruit.”

An Xin was ecstatic: " Great! This time Xu Jiang is finished! Send the report back to Jinghai.”

Li Xiang looked around and pulled Anxin to her side, and whispered, " The movement is so great that the report would have been sent back to Jinghai. Otherwise, would you think I dare to decide to try on the spot? The two directors have guessed that you suspected them, and the master also followed you to get a good scolding.”

Anxin was somewhat nervous: " What about the result?”

Li Xiang smiled: " The security bureau is waiting in the office, the results of the trial passed back, he immediately went to apply for Xu Jiang's arrest warrant.”

 An Xin said happily, " What are you waiting for?! Hurry up!”

Xiping County public Security Bureau interrogation room, the crazy donkey drooped his head, completely did not have before the air, but still do not cooperate.

"Guo Zhen has all explained, your boss is finished, you still support for him, is it necessary?”

The crazy donkey looked at Anxin with a playful face. " How do you know he is finished?”

An Xin counted on his fingers: " Kill, Guo Zhen can prove; hire a murder, pockmark can prove.”

Li Xiang added: " There are also engaged and funding triad activities. These SINS are not small.”

Anxin knocked on the table: " Just your testimony, give him another illegal trading organs.”

The crazy donkey nodded and said: " ok, I admit I fell, but you want to catch the boss with these, a little naive. Public security is great, but there is no constraint on the public security head?”

An Xin a leng: " What do you mean?”

The mad donkey looked at Anxin and smiled: " The charges you said can only cure us, but not Xu Jiang. Even if you catch him, you can't judge him, sooner or later you have to release him.”

"You mean someone is protecting him?”

 Mad donkey a face helpless and question: " police uncle, you are the first day to deal with him? You don't know anything about that yet?”

An Xin and Li Xiang exchanged eyes, all clear that crazy donkey is not a bluff.

Anxin asked seriously, " Who is protecting Xu Jiang?”

"This one, I don't know.”

Li Xiang patted the table: " honest account!”

 The mad donkey frowned. " Are you idiots? Can I know that? If it was you, you, can you show off who protected you? I just heard that the big man loves watches.”

Late at night, there was almost no one in the street. Gao Qiqiang drank a lot of wine and staggered on the road.

 The lawyer's words have always echoed in his ears: " As you say, this friend has been suspected of more serious criminal crimes, and has committed several. Generally speaking, there will be several crimes and punishment. At least, at least, in ten years.”

 Gao tripped over a brick on the ground and fell on his head.

He tried to climb but could not get up, and collapsed on the ground, covering his face and wailing.

Gao Qiqiang shouted: " Ten years, how many years can I have in my lifetime?”

 A thin figure, with a big bag on his back, came up to him and looked at him: " Brother?”

Gao Qiqiang rubbed his eyes, in disbelief, is his sister Gao Qilan standing in front of him.

Gao Qilan helped his brother up: " How did you drink, still drink like this?”

Gao Qiqiang looked surprised: " Xiao LAN, how did you come back?”

 Gao qilan said, " My second brother called me and said there was a big deal in my family and asked me to come back immediately.”

"This boy..." Gao Qiqiang struggled to get up, hands and feet do not listen.

 Gao Qilan took me a long time to put his brother up. The two brother and sister helped each other and walked home.

Late at night, the city public security bureau director's office was once again brightly lit up.

Cao Chuang was dressed and sat on the camp bed to answer the phone."Well, I get it. What the Crazy Donkey said should be true. Since we began investigating Platinum Han, we have been under pressure from the above, even the people sent to the watch are removed. Xu Jiang has a good relationship with many municipal leaders, but it is not clear who is his umbrella.”

Meng Dehai in a audit, could not help but grab the phone: " Anxin, I am Meng Dehai! I tell you, you don't worry about some of these, Xu Jiang is a murder! All you have to do is consolidate the evidence. As long as the witness, material evidence is complete, the logical chain is clear, who can not protect him!”

At this time, Anxin's voice slowly came out: " I dare not hide from you, is this clue is not reliable, I want to wait to report to you after the result.”

Meng Dehai shouted: " Don't learn that set of winding, you go far away, how to listen to all false. I tell you, your uncle An is preparing materials to apply for Xu Jiang's arrest warrant. We old guys consider the overall situation, and it is impossible to be as ambitious as you. But don't worry, only five of us know about this. If we really miss the news, check the five of us.”

"Meng bureau, you don't deliberately hurt me.”

 Listening to Anxin, Meng Dehai smiled, " Get well and come back safely.”

"yes!"Anxin replied cleanly.

Gao Qiqiang returned home and angrily pulled Gao Qisheng from the house to the downstairs.

Gao qiqiang lowered his voice: " What did you call Xiao LAN about?”

 Gao Qisheng helped the glasses: " ask her to come back for a reunion, or see you next time, can only be in prison.”

Although Gao Qiqiang lowered his voice, but still heard the voice full of anger.

"Do I want to go to prison? Is it not for you can live a good life? Xiaolan has nothing to do with this matter. I am me, she is her, and she shouldn't be affected by me. Why do you mix her in?”

Gao Qisheng nodded: " Yes, she can not be you, she can go to a strange city, break off relations and live her own life. But if you ask her, will she be willing to do? Do you still remember the day of the Chinese New Year holiday? You were arrested to the public security bureau, Xiaolan cried and refused to go home, has been waiting for you until midnight. Do you think she'll leave you alone to live a good life?”

Gao Qilan came out of her house anxiously, holding up the fence on the stairs and Shouting, " Brother, what are you doing? What's wrong? Come back!”

Gao Qiqiang and Gao Qisheng looked up at the same time and said with a smile, " What can happen? Isn't your second brother making trouble? We bought the supper and came back.”

 Gao qilan smiled and shouted, " I just want to eat your soup noodles.”

In the kitchen, Gao Qiqiang poured water into the pot, lit the fire, and then stared at the blue flames.

 From the outroom came the brother and sister: " Ah... eldest brother... second brother robbed my TV! Come and beat him!”

 Gao Qiqiang cried —— this is his most reluctant, the fireworks of the home.

 Brother and sister gathered around the table to eat hot soup noodles.

Gao Qilan tried to make a happy look. Both the brothers were preoccupied.

Gao Qilan is color way: " eat full, elder brother, now can say, in the end call me to come back because of what thing?”

Gao Qiqiang considered his words: " Xiao LAN, I wanted to live in another place. I might leave you for a while, but after I think, I still can't give up, so I don't leave.”

Gao Qi blooming heart way: " be on this? You have said that, I won't have called Xiaolan back.”

 Gao Ziqiang stared: " Are you not satisfied? Go back to you.”

The two brothers make for a while, found that Xiaolan did not move, turned a look, startled.

Gao qilan's mouth was flat, tears streaming down."Brother, you don't want us anymore.”

Gao Qiqiang panicked, hurriedly comfort way: " do not go do not go, all said not to go.”

 Gao Qilan cried aloud, " I was scared to death. I thought you didn't want us anymore.”

 Gao Qiqiang scrambled to comfort his sister, while beating Gao Qisheng.

 Gao Qisheng hid in his hand, but also did not forget to laugh at Gao Qilan.

Early in the morning, Xiping County Public Security Bureau, the police escorted crazy donkey, pockmarked, Guo Zhen three people out, on the police car. The result of the trial has been returned to Jinghai, and now An Changlin is on his way to the procuratorate, applying for Xu Jiang's arrest warrant.

 Li Xiang helped An Xin and shook hands with Captain Li and the political commissar. " I am really sorry to escort you out again.”

At this moment, the cell phone suddenly rang in the evidence box.

 Li Xiang turned out an evidence bag and said, " It's a crazy donkey's mobile phone.”

 The phone keeps ringing, as if if you don't answer, the other side will keep coming.

 Anxin pressed the hands-free phone and connected to the phone.

No one spoke, only a heavy sound of breathing. After a few long seconds, the phone hung up abruptly.

Li Xiang busy way: " I call the telecommunication bureau, ask them to check the call number.”

 An Xin shook his head: " It is too late, call the Meng bureau, immediately, immediately action!”

 A group of police cars roared, blocking the road in the neighborhood.

 The police all got off, led by Cao Chuang, and rushed to the Xu family.

Several thugs stopped them in front of the door.

 Cao Chuang angry eyes round open: " Roll!”

Old six and his men were startled, the arrogance immediately disappeared, obediently let out of the way.

 Cao Chuang reached out and hit the door and left it unceremoniously."City bureau criminal police team, open the door!”

No one answered in the room.

Zhang Biao ran over and said, " Xu Jiang's car is still there, I should not run.”

 Cao Chuang was relieved a little bit."Then you knock!”

 Zhang Biao kept knocking on the door.

 Cao Chuang found an open window along the wall and peered inside.

 There seemed to be a man on the sofa, sleeping under a blanket.

 The mobile phone suddenly shook up, Cao Chuang connected.

"The warrant is already available. Don't wait for me. Catch someone immediately. I'm responsible for the problem."An Chang Lin ordered him through the phone.

 The door was smashed open, and Cao Chuang took the lead and rushed in."Xu Jiang, you were arrested!”

 He walked quickly up to the sofa and lifted back the blanket.

There are only a few throw pillows on the sofa.
------------

 Chapter 21, Xu Jiang's backer

An Changlin led a group of police officers in the wilderness where the casino owner was killed, and a dozen police officers were digging on the ground with shovels. Handffed, Guo Zhen was taken to Lin by police officers.

"Where is it, exactly where?”

Guo Zhen looked around carefully and said: " Anyway, in this area, I saw Xu Jiang personally moved the hand, far away, also did not dare to see more.”

 Suddenly a policeman shouted, " I found it!”

An Changlin surrounded him with the crowd. A foot of a casino owner appeared in the pit.

In the meeting room of the city public security Bureau, Meng Dehai excitedly hung up the phone and said: " Chen Shuting's husband's body was found!”

 Cao Chuang said, " The evidence is conclusive! Don't let go. The wanted warrant has been issued, and the authorities at all levels are now assisting us.”

It should have been fun, but the atmosphere was still dull.

 Meng Dehai nodded and said, " I know that the failure of the arrest proves that it is likely that there are still people informing him, but the general trend, he can not escape.”

Anxin frowned and thought.

The lights were dim and the streets were deserted. The Gao brothers walked home with the food they had bought. The siren sounded twice, and a police car came up with a flashing light. The car stopped, and Anxin got down from the passenger seat. Gao Qiqiang saw Anxin injured, asked, " injured? Do you want to go back at home?”

"No, I want to tell you that Xu Lei's case is qualitative, it is an accident. No matter who is there, it's not murder.”

Gao Qiqiang calmly said: " What has to do with me?”

Anxin sneered, " Yes, it has nothing to do with you, it's nothing to do with you when I was attacked, I don't do with you. But Lao Gao, do it matter you know. Xu Jiang has been on the wanted, sooner or later, when the time comes all the truth is uncovered, it is too late.”

"I have to go home and cook.”

Someone in the police car blew the horn twice. Anxin walked back to the car and asked, " What's wrong?”

 The police driver hurriedly said: " Li Xiang let you hurry back to the bureau, there is good news.”

 Anxin was refreshed.

An Xin just entered the door of the criminal police team, Li Xiang happily welcomed up.

"Dean Chai, who is responsible for the transplant of organs, has just recruited them all. At first she still mouth hard, later heard that Xu Jiang had fled, and on the wanted warrant, this was completely explained.”

"Mad Donkey and Dean Chai are the two most critical figures, and with their testimony, the case is over.”

God Li Xiang said mysteriously: " If it was only to this degree, you would not have come back."He waved, indicating Anxin close," Chai Min also explained a thing, said that Huang Cuicui was first dizzy by Xu Jiang, and then Xu Jiang forced Chai Min to do surgery to pick her kidney. Xu Jiang attaches great importance to the buyer of organs, the other side got uremia, need to change the kidney. At the beginning Chai Min thought just pick one side, the result Xu Jiang said Huang Cuicui is not voluntary, anyway will die, let Chai Min pick both kidneys. Chai Min afterwards feel conscience can not pass, so after the crazy donkey processing Huang Cuicui's body, and called the police to say that there is a body in the well.”

Her face is already livid: " This is the good news that you say?”

Li Xiang thought: " At least it proved that Huang Cuicui was killed, there is no subjective mistake, her insurance can settle the claim. Aren't you always thinking about her family?”

"softly chant! I didn't even respond. I just thought about something else.”

Li Xiang turned his head and said, " What do you think?”

"Chai Min said that Xu Jiang was willing to kill people for the patient who got uremia. And the crazy donkey also confessed that Xu Jiang had a powerful backer......"

"As soon as you got Xu Jiang done, you will remember the backer behind him. If any big leader, can we move?”

An Xin glanced at Li Xiang: " Before you moved, you lost first? Xu Jiang can set off such a big storm, is it not because of someone behind it? Light to catch a Xu Jiang does not solve the problem, to be uprooted!”

"Really want to catch, that is also the commission for discipline inspection and the anti-graft bureau, we will manage the front of this stall?”

Anxin left his mouth: " Your consciousness is too low, I don't tell you, tomorrow I will go to the director, the directors must support me.”

The next morning, An Xin knocked on the door of the director's office and saw that Meng Dehai and An Changlin were there. Just thinking of their own ideas report, Meng Dehai waved his hand, tell him not to check. An Xin is, surprised, An Changlin said meaningfully."This morning the Standing Committee of the Municipal Committee has taken the initiative to admit. The patient is his relative, and the whole process is a personal transaction between the relative and Xu Jiang, with nothing to do with the leader.”

"have nothing to do with? Your letter?”

"It doesn't matter what we think. The Standing Committee has decided to criticize him within the Party, and the matter is over.”

"For several months ago, Xu Jiang knew about it when he was wanted?”

"It is said that his relatives saw the news that Xu Jiang was wanted and volunteered to confess to him.”

Meng Dehai could not help but sneer.

Anxin thought for a while and asked, " Can I know who the leader is?”

He looked at Anxin. " He'll come to you."Said, look at the watch," it's time.”

An Xin looked puzzled: " Look for me?”

At this time, Cao Chuang opened the door and said, " Director, Vice Mayor Zhao is coming!”

 Meng Dehai patted Anxin on the shoulder: " No matter what you want to say, you will hold it in for me.”

Vice Mayor Zhao Lidong looks in his early 40s, thin, capable, with several people of the municipal party committee, as well as the city newspaper, provincial newspaper reporters, standing in the office area of the criminal police team waiting. The police left behind the police are tied, I do not know where to stand. Cao Chuang came out with Anxin. As soon as Zhao Lidong saw his bandaged arm, he took a few steps forward and held his hand.

"Comrade Anxin, I have heard of all your heroic deeds. I am very moved. Jinghai has you such a police guard, we are very at ease.”

The shutter flashed, capturing the moving Angle. Anxin's expression was dull, not yet out of the anger just now.

Zhao Lidong a face of emotion to say: " I usually work too busy, to our front line police care not enough. If I have any difficulties in the future, tell me that I will try to solve them within my authority.”

Cao Chuang looked at the wooden An Xin, quickly for Anxin: " Thank Vice Mayor Zhao for caring.”

Zhao Lidong nodded: " Should be."Turn a head low voice asked the secretary," What is the next trip?”

The secretary whispered a few words, Zhao Lidong nodded: " Good, today first so. I also have an activity......" behind me

 An Xin suddenly said: " Please rest assured, I will certainly catch Xu Jiang!”

Everyone was stunned, and the reporters' cameras were aimed at him.

An Xin stared at Zhao Lidong: " I promised Vice Mayor Zhao that Xu Jiang would explain all the criminal facts, and none of the people involved could run away!”

 Zhao Lidong narrowed his eyes and said with a half-smile: " I look forward to your performance.”

Old Mo, carrying his bag, stood vacant outside the prison gate, holding the release certificate of the prison in his hand, but he did not know where to go.

 A tall female prisoner also carried a bag and pushed him away from behind."Get out of the way and get in the way!”

 In front of a Mercedes parked, the female prisoner opened the door to get on the car and left.

 Old Mo looked at her with envy. After standing for a long time, Lao Mo raised his head and walked firmly in one direction.

"That is my daughter, and I am her own father!"Huang Cuicui's hometown, Lao Mo's voice from the yard, the words were pushed out.

"I don't care who you are, and our family refuses!"The old man who spoke was just like Huang Cuicui's mother.

Lao Mo raised the certificate of honor and said: " I changed, you see, this is the government issued to me the certificate, progress award!”

 Huang Cuicui's mother waved repeatedly: " I don't read, I can't understand. If you are really nice to your girl, don't come here again later.”

 The door shut shut with a bang.

 Old Mo stood in front of the door, trying to smash the door, but resisted.

In the distance, a van sounded two horns, and Tang Xiaohu waved to him.

Old Mo went to the car, puzzled. " Do you know me?”

The tiger patted the steering wheel: " you forget? Old factory street a mix, my brother is Tang Xiaolong.”

 Old Mo suddenly saw the light: " Oh, you are a little tiger!”

 The old factory street vegetable market everything is still, the only difference is a suit of Gao Qiqiang.

In front of the aquatic store, Lao Mo, around an apron, squinted at Gao Qiqiang.

Tang Xiaohu waved: " Lao Mo, I introduce, this is the strong brother, the big man of Jinghai.”

 Gao Qiqiang stretched out his hand and said, " My name is Gao Qiqiang.”

Old Mo put his hand, did not move. Gao Qiqiang withdrew his hand and did not care.

Tang Xiaohu looked at the old Mo, said: " your stall is the strong brother arrangement, the rent is free, enough meaning?”

Lao Mo looked at Gao Qiqiang and asked, " Why help me?”

"I said it, just to make a friend, no other meaning.”

"No requirements?”

 Gao Qiqiang nodded and said firmly: " There is no requirement."Said to take out the passbook," here is a little money, you will pick up the children in the future, the cost must be big.”

Old Mo took the passbook, his eyes suddenly stared round, the number above the big scary.

Tang Xiaohu laughed: " This little money is nothing to the strong brother.”

Gao asked, " Do you have any pictures of the children? I want to see.”

Old Mo took the picture out of his close pocket."This was from Officer Ann to me after I did better in prison.”

Gao Qiqiang nodded: " Anxin?”

Hearing Gao Qixian straight call Anxin's name, Lao Mo slightly relaxed his vigilance against Gao Qiqiang."Do you know him?”

Gao Qiqiang nodded and changed the topic: " The child is very beautiful, but there is no mother when she is so small.”

He said, " I don't know how her mother died. I asked Officer An several times, but he refused to tell me.”

 Gao Qiqiang pretended to be surprised: " This thing has spread all over the Beijing sea, you actually don't know?”

Old Mo's eyes were straight, and his expression became grim.

 Gao Qiqiang whispered: " There are many people here, let's talk in different places.”

In the Jinghai city government conference hall, the municipal party secretary is speaking.

"This quarter's work summary is here, all the units are very good, I hope you continue to make persistent efforts.”

 Zhao Lidong looked at the secretary and said, " Secretary, I want to add two sentences. As we all know, several vicious incidents have occurred in our city this year, but it has not been solved. Some people reflect that some public security organs do not act, disorderly act the phenomenon is serious. So, I organized an inspector operation. Through this inspection action, I found that the city bureau directly under the police detachment has great problems. The gun was lost, and the police who lost it was not punished, but received a new gun. Some police officers to the field, the reasons and the actual purpose are completely different, deception and concealing, even the director did not know where they went, what they did. Is this still the party-led police force?”

Everyone was buried deep in the record, and no one looked up.

Zhao Lidong knocked on the table and continued: " I think the Jinghai Public Security Bureau has a major work style problem, and we should rectify the rectification and strict discipline. At the same time, the cancellation of the spiritual civilization units that have been assessed, stop issuing bonuses.”

 The party secretary looked at the people at the meeting and asked, " Do you have any opinions?”

The scene was completely silent.

The party secretary said, " Vice Mayor Zhao, this is the part of your supervisor, you will decide. By the way, is there a young man who has just been injured on duty. What are you going to do about him?”

 Zhao Lidong thought: " This, to treat differently. The municipal Public Security Bureau has a problem, we deal with it, but as a hero individual, the commendation should be commended, and I think, should be grand recognition, so as to stimulate the morale of the frontline police.”

The crowd nodded in agreement.
------------

 Chapter 22 The Commendation Conference

 In the office of the deputy mayor of the municipal government, Zhao Lidong signed, put down his pen and stretched himself. He was very pleased with his previous work. Anxin, a small policeman, is now baked on a fire, and all his bonus is cancelled because he lost his gun and acted arbitrarily, but Anxin is honored as a personal hero. This one provoke the masses to fight the masses is the basic operation of Zhao Lidong, but repeatedly tried. Zhao Lidong got up and took out a book of "History As A Mirror" from the bookshelf. The hollowed-out, missing part of the book lies on a Cartier drill table. Zhao Lidong wears a good drill watch, looking at it with satisfaction. He just agreed to become the bereaved dog, Xu Jiang sent him out of the Jinghai at the commendation meeting. At that time, the police on the road were the least, but he still needed to think about where he wanted to send Xu Jiang?

Late at night, in an unknown public telephone booth, Xu Jiang was shivering with cold and dialed the phone.

"Uncle Tai, it is me. How many years have we known each other?”

The phone was silent for a while, and the voice said: " Nearly 30 years.”

Xu Jiang sank: " I take thirty years of friendship to do a matter, ok?”

"You say, but I may not agree.”

"I know Guo Zhen's address was given by you to the Gao family brothers. I meant nothing else, so I want you to make a statement, fool them out, and let me make an end with them.”

Uncle Tai on the phone sighed: " Xu Jiang, you know I have no children, is an old family. All the time, I treat you as a son, is you despise me this old man, hurt my heart. I have no friendship with the surname Gao, which I can help. But after cheating them out, you each skill!”

 Xu Jiang hesitated for a moment, sank: " Friday morning ten, still in the old steel factory.”

 On the table on the rostrum of the city auditorium is a string of famous brands, all the names of the municipal party committee leaders. Banners of the words "commendation conference" are hung on the stage. The seat under the stage also pasted the famous brand, these seats belong to the big leadership of the city bureau, Meng Dehai, An Changlin in the list. The back row was almost full, and everyone was dressed in straight police uniforms. The leaders of the first three rows are still coming in.

Anxin also changed into her police uniform, stood behind the side curtain, looking excitedly at the stage.

Li Xiang ran excitedly and patted him: " Are you looking for me?”

Anxin pointed to the audience: " A lot of people came today.”

"This movement is quite big, in addition to a few units at the municipal level, but also informed the following districts and counties, many units have sent representatives.”

An Xin shook his head: " Do you think, why should Zhao Lidong hold such a commendation conference?”

Li Xiang tentatively asked: " to you find not happy?”

"He may not mind me, but as an excuse to cover him for the real trouble.”

Li Xiang suddenly said: " Xu Jiang?”

 An Xin hurriedly asked: " Have all the 2.1 task force come?”

Li Xiang nodded.

Anxin continued: " That is to say, the people who had informed Xu Jiang were among them.”

Li Xiang looked at An Xin and asked, " You mean, Zhao Lidong will send this man to send Xudong Jiang out of the city today?”

 Anxin hesitated and said: " Not sure, maybe it is out of the city, maybe it is silence. Anyway, the people who left the venue early today are likely to be insiders.”

PHS store, Gao Qiqiang answered the phone of the Thai uncle.

"Xiao Gao, do you have any time right now? Chen Shuting has something I to transfer to your brothers.”

Gao Ziqiang took a look at his busy brother. " Well, I'm here now.”

 Uncle Tai then said: " At ten o'clock, the old steel factory, call your brother.”

 Gao Qiqiang a zheng, the opposite has hung up the phone.

"Brother, what?"Asked Gao Qisheng, coming over.

 Gao Qiqiang hesitated and said: " Small things, I go out, come back at noon, wait for me to eat together."He hurried from the shop.

 Gao Qisheng looked at Gao Qiqiang's back, frowning slightly frowning.

Outside the auditorium of the municipal party committee compound, Li Xiang sat in a taxi, staring at the entrance of the municipal party committee compound across the road. Then a police car came out of the yard.

 Li Xiang patted the driver: " Master, follow the police car in front of you, don't follow too tight.”

The driver put his foot on the accelerator.

 Holding his mobile phone, Li Xiang said to Anxin, " Your judgment may be right. I am following a police car in our bureau, which left the auditorium without returning to the city bureau, and is now driving to the outskirts of the city.”

At this time in the city auditorium, Zhao Lidong talked on the stage.

"The stable development environment of Jinghai cannot be separated from the efforts of frontline police and......"

On the side stage, Anxin covered the microphone and whispered, " Can you see the people in the car?”

 Li Xiang's voice was heard: " I can't see it. What about you? Can you see who's not in the seat?”

An Xin looked to the audience, the audience was black, almost full. But the front row leader seat is empty two, the names on the back of the chair are Meng Dehai, An Changlin.

"I can't see anything for the time being. Keep in touch.”

Gao Qiqiang slowly into the scrap steel plant, four under the grass, are broken walls. He looked around and shouted, " Uncle Tai, Uncle Tai, I have come!”

Xu Jiang came out from behind a broken wall."Uncle Tai is not here, only your grandfather and me.”

Gao qiqiang was surprised, but soon calmed down."You asked me here?”

Xu Jiang tilted his head and looked at Gao Qiqiang: " Jinghai can't stay anymore. Before leaving, we still have a grudge to solve.”

"Your wanted warrants are everywhere. Where can you go?”

Xu Jiang smiled and said, " Then don't bother you, I have plenty of ways. In Jinghai so many years, spend money to raise so many people, is not at this time to use?”

"You're not afraid of them killing you out?”

"You should worry about yourself.”

Gao Qiqiang shook his head: " we two one on one, you are not necessarily my opponent, what good to worry about?”

 Xu Jiang took out a five-shot homemade gun: " Now?”

 The police car drove off the road and across the weeds to a broken wall in the scrap steel mill.

 The taxi stopped far on the side of the road to avoid being caught by people in the police car. Li Xiang was staring at the police car in the taxi.

 The door opened, and a figure in a police uniform got out.

 Li Xiang's eyes were wide and he was breathing. He couldn't believe what he saw...

 Inside the city auditorium, Anxin still stood behind the side curtain and looked down carefully, as An Changlin hunched over to his seat.

 An Xin extended a sigh of relief, and then put his eyes on the position of Meng Dehai.

Zhao Lidong is still talking freely. The mole's answer seems to be there already.

Anxin dialed: " Hello, do you see who it is?”

After a while, Li Xiang spoke, his voice was weak: " SORRY, I lost it.”

 Anxin said quickly, " How is it possible? Are you hiding it from me... Meng Bureau? You say ah!”

Li Xiang did not respond and hung up the phone.

 Zhao Lidong slightly slowed down the tone, excitedly said: " Next, please welcome the protagonist of the commendation conference, Jinghai City Public Security Bureau Interpol detachment An Xin, on stage to receive the award!”

 The audience burst into applause.

 Anxin hurriedly put the phone in her chest and walked on the stage.

 The overhead light was so bright that she was somewhat dazzled.

 The audience of predecessors, colleagues are still warmly applauded.

 Anxin tried to narrow her eyes and not see the faces below.

 Mendehai remains empty.

Ann narrowed her eyes and saw an elder in police uniform slowly walked to him —— Meng Dehai.

An Xin said in surprise: " Meng Bureau?”

 Meng Dehai holds the certificate in his hand and smiles: " Why, I can't give you the award?”

Anxin hurriedly said: "before said that the award is the Cao team..." Anxin stared big eyes.

 Meng Dehai smiled and said: " He has something at home, so he went home first.”

 An Xin's brain "hum" a sound, it seems to burst open. And this moment, he also seems to understand, Li Xiang why to say he with lost.

Xu Jiang and Gao Qiqiang were facing off in the abandoned factory when Xu Jiang suddenly raised his gun and looked easily at the distance.

"It came in the right place and killed him for me.”

Gao Qiqiang looked back suspiciously and saw Cao Chuang carrying a gun. Seeing the scene, he was stunned.

 Gao Qiqiang squinted at Cao Chuang: " Are you informing Xu Jiang?”

Cao Chuang seemed to be poked to the sore place and immediately pointed his gun at Gao Qiqiang.

Xu Jiang said, " Yes, he, Vice Mayor Zhao. Cao team, quickly killed him, otherwise how to explain to the leader?”

Cao Chuang shouted Xu Jiang angrily, " You shut up!”

 Gao Qiqiang instantly clear."Captain Cao, you are not here to kill me, are you here to solve Xu Jiang? He's for all of you. If you kill him, you can tell him, right?”

 Xu Jiang also realized that Cao Chuang was wrong, I do not know whether the gun pointed to Gao Qiqiang or Cao Chuang.

 Cao Chuang's face became stronger, and he realized that both men had to get rid of them.

 Three men faced each other.

 In the city auditorium, Anxin stood idly holding the award in her hand.

 Zhao Lidong smiled and let An Xin say a few words of speech.

 Anxin went to the microphone, her brain was in turmoil. He reached into his arms and pressed Li Xiang's number.

 Li Xiang walked back along the road, his mobile phone kept ringing.

 He picked up his cell phone and showed that the call was Anxin.

He hesitated, finally pressed the answer, inside came the voice of Anxin, both like to say to him, but also like to say to everyone.

 Anxin said slowly to the microphone, " What I want to say is the —— choice. There are always countless choices in our life, and these choices will determine our future path. Someone asked me, to save a suspect and injured, silly is not silly? I think when I reached for him, it gave him a chance to choose life again. He can choose to correct his mistakes and be a good man again. Then, my pay is worth it. We may make a lot of mistakes in our life, but we always have the right to choose again. The point is to reach out to hold him before he completely falls!”

 The audience was quiet for a moment, and applause.

 Anxin stared at her chest, as if she could hear her heart beat and Li Xiang's breathing.

Finally, the voice of Li Xiang came from his chest. Anxin put her chest close to the microphone so that everyone could hear it.

"302 National Road Li Zhuang section, in the old steel factory, found the suspect.”

The audience was stunned. The Zhao Lidong and Meng Dehai on the stage were also stunned.

 An Xin a serious face, turned to Meng Dehai solemnly salute: " report, '2.1' task force found important clues, request immediately out to the police!”

Meng Dehai suddenly understood, understand the front of the words are said to who, a grabbed the microphone.

"All the members of the '2.1' task force, listen to my command, and set out immediately!”

Zhao Lidong sat behind, his face was white.
------------

 Chapter 23, the arrangement of destiny

 At the gate of the city auditorium, a group of police cars roared out of the courtyard.

 Li Xiang turned around, made up his mind, drew his gun in his hand, and ran away toward the old steel factory.

 In the steel plant, Gao Qiqiang, Cao Chuang, Xu Jiang is still in the confrontation. But in the grass behind Xu Jiang slowly raised a gun, the crude homemade pistol made by Gao Qisheng.

 The gun first aimed at Xu Jiang, seemed to hesitate, and then aimed at Cao Chuang behind Gao Qiqiang.

 Bang —— the gun rang!

 The power of the homemade pistol was not weak, and the steel ball shot into Cao Chuang's body, splashing out a blood flower.

 The tall Cao Chuang stumbled and collapsed to the ground, with his gun slipping from his hand.

 Stunned, Xu looked back for the gunman.

 Gao Qiqiang rushed at Cao Chuang, picked up his pistol and fired a shot at Xu Jiang.

 Xu Jiang was knocked on the shoulder and stumbled down.

Old Mo stood up from his hiding place and stood in front of the dying Xu River, staring at him fiercely.

Xu Jiang covered his wound with his hand and asked, " Who are you?”

Old Mo stared at Xu Jiang: " remember Huang Cuicui?”

 Xu Jiang said of despair: " That bitch! She also wants to blackmail me, deserve her death!”

Lao Mo angrily raised a gun to hit, Gao Qiqiang came over to stop him.

Xu Jiang hurriedly said: " I accept the defeat! But there's a question, did you kill my son?”

 Gao Ziqiang shook his head: " I said, it was an accident.”

Gao Qiqiang looked at Xu Jiang without any expression, and he put Cao Chuang's gun in his hand.

"With this.”

Old Mo lift hand two guns, thorough result unwilling Xu Jiang.

 Gao Qiqiang looked at Lao Mo and said, " Put your gun in his hand and take it away.”

 Lao Mo took out a handkerchief, wiped his fingerprints off the homemade pistol, and stuffed it into Xu Jiang's hand.

With Cao Chuang's gun, Gao Qiqiang went to Cao Chuang, took out a handkerchief and wiped off his fingerprints. He looked at the dying Cao Chuang: " Your lungs are broken."Then he put the pistol in Cao Chuang's hand.

 Lao Mo took Xu Jiang's five series in his hand and shouted to him, " Let's come on, the police are coming!”

 Gao Qiqiang followed the old Mo away.

 Cao Chuang looked at their back and struggled to pick up the pistol, but it weighed like a thousand pounds and could not be lifted again.

When Li Xiang ran to the abandoned factory, Cao Chuang was left with only one breath.

Li Xiang cried and picked up Cao Chuang, and said, " Master!”

Cao Chuang reluctantly opened his eyes: "Rabbit son......"

Li Xiang hurried way: " You hold on a little, don't talk, I call an ambulance!”

Cao Chuang stopped his hand. " I don't want to go to prison. I am not worthy to be your master. Zhao Lidong found me, promised to let me be the deputy director. I'm over fifty years old, not a few years old,......"

Li Xiang trembled and said, "Master, don't say......"

 Cao Chuang whispered, " Boy, we are both from poor backgrounds and have no one to help us. If you want to find a future, we all rely on our own struggle!”

Li Xiang's tears fell like a rain.

"smoke......"

Li Xiang from the dying Cao Chuang pocket out of the smoke, to help him point.

 Cao Chuang diao but could not breathe, breathing for a long time: " You come just right! Found Xu Jiang, found out the ghost, the size is also a credit. Master other help can not help you, take me to change the future.”

Cao Chuang looked at Li Xiang and smiled and swallowed his breath.

 Li Xiang shouted, " Master!”

 Behind him, the sirens sounded.

Outside the rain, the inspection team Li Xiang expression wooden.

"The master got the clue from Xu Jiang through his special situation, but the information was not necessarily accurate, so he only told me a person. But I was a step late, and the master died in the arrest of Xu Jiang.”

The inspector asked, " Why didn't you tell the bureau in advance?”

Li Xiang said without a expression, " Eight of these out of ten were false, and that day it was Anxin's commendation meeting. The master didn't want to steal his limelight.”

The inspector said, " Anxin's testimony about this is completely different from yours.”

 Li Xiang turned his head and looked at the inspector. " I don't know what he said, but what I said are the facts I have seen.”

City bureau, Meng Dehai, An Changlin is listening to the forensic report.

"From the ballistic analysis, basically in line with the situation of shooting each other, and Cao team and Xu Jiang's fingers also extracted the corresponding shooting residue.”

Meng Dehai frowned: " So, what Li Xiang said is true.”

The medical examiner nodded, " At least it can't prove that he was telling a lie.”

 Meng Dehai waved his hand: " forget it, the above has been urging to close the case, if can not find new evidence, can only so knot.”

 He sighed and did not speak.

In the office, Zhao Lidong understands the situation to Secretary Wang.

"Xiao Wang, what happened to Xu Jiang's case?”

"The police said it was still looking for new evidence.”

Zhao Lidong is impatient bored way: " find what new evidence? I have read all the case files, and the evidence is sufficient and logical to close the case early ago. They so drag, do not want to muddy the water, cover up who ah?”

"I'll urge me again.”

Zhao Lidong nodded: " What is the name of the young man at the scene of Xu Jiang's death?”

Secretary Wang hesitated: " Li Xiang.”

Zhao Lidong nodded and said, " The young man has a future. Cao Chuang is dead. Is the position of the detachment leader empty?”

"Still, he is junior, very junior.”

"Is it ok to be an acting captain first? Give more opportunities to the young people.”

"clear.”

 Zhao continued: " Pay attention to the working method, don't make it the same assignment, I think let them internal democratic elections.”

 This day, the criminal police team all dressed neatly, in front of Cao Chuang's tombstone collective salute.

Cao Chuang's wife stood in the line with her son.

Li Xiang touched out a packet of cigarettes, lit it, and placed it in front of the tombstone. In a voice that only he could hear, " Master, I will never exchange your reputation for your future. You will always be my master.”

 An Xin separated the crowd and broke in from behind, roaring loudly: " Li Xiang!”

Li Xiang looked back at An Xin.

 An Xin asked Li Xiang, " Why don't you not tell the truth?”

Li Xiang dejected.

 Anxin continued: " What exactly did you see at the old steel mill?speak out!”

Li Xiang still said nothing.

Anxin shouted, " Is your conscience fine? Do you deserve your police uniform?”

Li Xiang said angrily: " You just want to prove yourself right?!”

 Li Xiang dragged Anxin to Cao Chuang's widow and son: " Say what you want to say in front of your mother! Master's reputation is not important, your judgment is the most important!try to persuade!”

Anxin looked at the devastated mother and son and choked, as if she had taken her strength away.

 Zhang Biao held Cao Chuang's wife and said, " Teacher niang, go.”

 The people of the criminal police left, the people cast disdain to Anxin.

In the courtyard of the Municipal Public Security Bureau, Meng Dehai and An Changlin boarded the bus to leave the Jinghai City Public Security Bureau.

 The content of the order is: " After the decision of the Standing Committee of the Provincial Party Committee, Meng Dehai was appointed secretary of the Qinghua District Party Committee of Jinghai City and no longer the director of the Public Security Bureau of Jinghai City. An Changlin was appointed director of Bobei Public Security Bureau, and no longer served as deputy director of Jinghai Public Security Bureau......"

 Anxin stood in the middle of the yard, looking at the direction of the car far away, silently offering them the last salute. Anxin knew that this time he was completely isolated and helpless.

On the construction site, the female prisoner who was out of prison at the same time has changed her clothes and is talking with the security guard at the door of the construction site.

"You let me go in to see Uncle Tai.”

The security guard waved his hand: " No, the boss is not everyone can see it.”

 The female prisoner worried way: " He saw me, naturally can recognize me.”

 The security guard pushed the female prisoner aside and gave way.

 Gao Qiqiang entangled Chen Shuting to accept his request, took him in.

 On the site, Tai uncle wearing a hard hat, is accompanied by his visit.

Chen Shuting brought Gao Qiqiang to Uncle Tai.

 Uncle Tai looked at Gao Qiqiang coldly. " What are you looking for with me?”

Gao Qiqiang stepped up a few steps, suddenly knelt down in front of Uncle Tai.

"I heard that you didn't have a son. I lost my parents very long ago. If you don't mind, I am your son, give you retirement, after you die, I give you a basin of flags.”

Everyone was surprised.

"You don't hate me?”

Gao qiqiang said respectfully, " I know, you just want to try my skill. Not worthy to be your son.”

Uncle Tai laughed: " He is a big talent! By the rules, I should give you a big gift. Shu Ting ah, how long can Xu Jiang's case be closed?”

Chen Shuting thought: " Trial plus property auction, about half a year.”

Uncle Tai nodded: " Good! Half a year later, I will buy his platinum Han for you.”

 Gao Qiqiang knocked to the ground: " Thank you godfather!”

 Uncle Tai reached out his hand and stopped on Gao Ziqiang's shoulder for a moment, finally falling on his head, like touching a child.

 The prisoner looked at all this from the security guard, full of jealousy.

Dressed in casual clothes, Anxin wandered through the streets alone, with her cell phone ringing constantly. As if unable to hear it, Anxin just walked quietly.

In the public telephone booth of the campus, Meng Yu holding the phone, has already sobbing: " Anxin, since I left Jinghai back to school, whether I am happy or sad, all when I need you, you are not around me... I wait in the day to day gradually understand, I will never be your first.... there is a teacher brother in the school, very good to me, at least will appear in front of me first when I need it. I was thinking, whether I also want to let him like me, become another person who will never wait for the beloved person......"

 Mobile phone message mailbox has been playing Meng Yu's message, and Meng Yu's every word is impacting on Anxin's heart, his pace is slower and slower. The message in the mailbox continued to play: "Anxin, if you are willing to come to me, I am still the Meng Yu who loves you; if you don't come, I think I can only be someone else's only......"

 Meng Yu's message is over, followed by the endless busy sound.

 Anxin's footsteps also stopped, and he walked to the intersection of his choice.

 Head on, the proud Gao Qiqiang came over.

 The two men looked at each other and passed by without warning.

Fate made them entangled, separated, and eventually, they drifted away and could never turn back.
------------

stormy waves


------------

 Chapter 1: Kill people for your life

 In 2006, Mang Village was also an old fishing village located in Qinghua District of Jinghai City, with blue bricks and gray tiles. It got its name because there were pirates in its early years.

 On the day the thunder was rolling and the rain was pouring down. At this time, the village is also as stormy as the weather.

 In the middle of the narrow village lane is a small space, Li Qing, a irritable young man, twenty, thin, looks a sick, is hijacking a teenage boy. A closer look, the child is actually has grown up of Xiaochen. Li Qing brandished a dagger and was locked in a standoff with the police.

Hundreds of villagers were blocked up outside the clearing, yelling and swearing at the police, looking even more ferocious than the robbers.

 Li Xiang's face at this time can not tell is the rain or cold sweat. He shouted at Li Qing, " Li Qing, you let go of the child and replace me! I am the captain of the police team, better than the boy!”

 The roar of the villagers became so fierce that the young police officers were about to stop them.

 On the second floor of the nearest village house to Li Qing, An Xin carefully touched it up with the help of the hidden debris on the platform.

 He pulled out his pistol and aimed at the robber below.

 Li Qing was more and more excited under the stimulation of the villagers, the whole body was twitching, and the hostages were in danger at any time.

 Anxin took a deep breath, pushed open the safety bolt, and put the trigger on her index finger.

 Suddenly, Li Xiang moved forward, his body blocking most of the shooting space.

Li Qing can not retreat, back against the wall, trying to roar.

 Anxin eagerly shouted through her headset: " Li Xiang, you are blocking me!”

Li Xiang did not know it, as if he could not hear his words, but still slowly moving forward.

Li Qing brandished a dagger: " Don't come over! Then we will die together!”

 At a critical moment, Anxin's right hand suddenly shook violently. Her colleague Zhang Biao complained: " Anxin, shoot quickly, wait for what!”

"This Angle, not sure...." Anxin replied.

 Erheadset came Zhang Biao's roar: " You early say, early say I went up! What about the armed police? Where are the armed police here?”

 The heavy rain poured on Anxin's face and blurred his sight.

The night is getting deeper and deeper, at the entrance of the village, a muck truck fell in the middle of the road, dumping bricks and tiles blocked the road into the village. Two armed police vehicles were blocked outside the village, heavily armed armed police are negotiating with the villagers.

The armed police captain shouted: " fellow villagers, please clear the road immediately, otherwise it is to hinder law enforcement!”

The villagers said dismissive: " This is our village matter, you little tube!”

Armed police captain angry: " the hijacked is a little boy, he is innocent!”

The villagers took a step back in fear, but still spoke tough: " Anyway, the party secretary does not speak, we can't move the car!”

 The armed police captain shouted: " Get out of the way, we move ourselves!"And a wave, said:" one guard, two, three classes to clean up the roadblock!”

 The armed police jumped off the car, performing their own duties and well trained.

The villagers also rushed forward, stopped in front of the armed police.

 Armed police captain "crash" a pull open the bolt: " the first warning! Your behavior has been suspected of obstructing law enforcement, the armed police have the right to use guns, all the present irrelevant personnel immediately avoid!”

 The villagers heard a stir, but no one retreated.

 A limousine stopped opposite the road, and Gao and Chen jumped out of the car.

Chen Shuting ran to the entrance of the village, running shoes are off, but was stopped by the young armed police.

Chen Shuting broke down and shouted, " Let me go in! I am the child's mother!”

Armed police tried to dissuade: " inside is very dangerous, you go in also useless, believe us!”

 Chen Shuting angry way: " believe you what?! You can't even get in to the village!”

The dissuaded armed police were speechless.

 Gao Qiqiang pulled her behind: " Tingting, trust the police!”

 Chen Shuting turned around, put all the fire on Gao Qiqiang.

 Chen Shuting pulled Gao Qiqiang to tear and hit: " all are you harm! If something happens to my son, you can't get over it!"Say that finish, open mouth a mercilessly bite in high Qi strong shoulder.

 Gao Qiqiang clenched his teeth, holding the Chen Shuting out of control, looking at the direction of the village, his face is full of Yin cruel and violent.

 Two people were poured through by the rain, but unaware.

Late at night, on the corridor of the Qinghua District government, now the Qinghua District Party Committee Secretary Meng Dehai is still a pair of fearless appearance, striding meteor, walking with the wind, but the uniform on the body has disappeared.

Gong Kaijiang, the head of Qinghua District, trotted almost all the way to follow him. He said, " How can Mang Village make such a big mess? Well, I can't tell them clearly. Don't look at the town hukou, the brain still stays in a knot in the earth.”

Meng Dehai asked: " Where is the branch secretary? The villagers do not understand the truth, and the branch secretary also does not understand?”

Gong Kaijiang suddenly hesitated. " The party secretary is waiting at the door of your office, saying that you had asked him to report on his work.”

 Meng Dehai a face of doubt: " I called him to come?”

 At the door of the district party secretary's office, a thin little old man looked up at the door sign hanging at the door of the district party secretary's office, as if he had never seen the world.

Gong Kaijiang led Meng Dehai came over.

The old man's eyes lit up: " Secretary Meng, I am Li Youtian, the village party secretary of Mang Village. I came early in the morning, and I heard that you are opening the standing committee, and I will wait until now!”

Meng Dehai suppressed his anger: " After the report, your village has been disorderly, hurriedly go back to deal with.”

Li Youtian pretended to wonder for a moment: " What happened?”

Gong Kaijiang said angrily: " Someone in your village kidnapped the children of the strong boss, the villagers blocked the village not to let the armed police go in, you go back quickly!”

Li Youtian was scared to shiver: " This, I go back also can't tube!”

Meng Dehai frowned: " You are a branch secretary, you do not let who to tube?”

 Gong Kaijiang quickly waved his hand: " Go, this is your party secretary to come forward!”

Li Youtian bowed obediently: " To trouble the leaders, I will go back to discipline them!"Then he turned around and walked out, hunched over and trembling.

At this time, Li Qing in Mang village was on the verge of collapse and shouted at the top of her voice: " Debt, kill to pay for her life! I killed him, you killed me, we both clear!”

Li Xiang advised: " there is a head debt has a master, you with Gao Qiqiang feud do not pull the child!”

Li Qing shook her head wildly: " You go to Gao Qiqiang, see him listen!”

 Li Xiang hurriedly nodded and said, " Well, I will tell him. If you want, I can also call him here, you scold him, beat him, I will not interfere!”

Li Qing seemed to listen to it, appeared a little hesitant, hand strength to relax.

Li Hongwei, a villager in the distance, is Li Youtian's son, shouted at the top of his voice: " He lied to you, the police are together with them!”

Li Qinggang's relaxed mood became irritable again."Yes, I don't believe it. Don't lie to me!”

 Li Xiang shouted, " Li Qing, take a good look at me! We grew up together, you don't believe me?”

 Li Xiang's anger suppressed Li Qing, but Li Xiang know to drag down the ominous, so the hand back behind, made a fist action —— shot signal.

Anxin saw the gesture, but not at the best time.

 Anxin's headset rang out again: " The captain sent the signal, shoot!fire with a rifle!”

 The rain was mixed with cold sweat, and his right hand shook more and more.

 In the clearing, a dull gunshot echoed around the sides.

Anxin's eyes were dark, and he tried to open his eyes as if he had seen them two months ago.
------------

 Chapter two knot

 Two months ago, on the public security bureau's field range, the criminal police team stood in a row, is undergoing pistol shooting training, gunfire one after another.

 Li Xiang standard movement, firm eyes.

With a calm face, Anxin walked out with her own target paper.

 Zhang Biao grabbed over and said: " All on the shoulder, heart of Bodhisattva! Another two weeks is the whole province public security system competition, you this result don't give the bureau back leg!”

 Anxin pressed the fire, grabbed the target paper, and walked away with his head down.

 Li Xiang wanted to stop, looked at Anxin's back, and swallowed the words back.

 The injury of the right shoulder arm socket makes Anxin, as a police officer, is not allowed to shoot. Everyone knows that the injury has long been fine, but Anxin has been fine. An Xin has been explaining the scene of Xu Jiang's death. For six years, the same report was handed in and changed, but no matter how many times it was changed, the result is the same.

 The original platinum han added new lights and furnishings, compared to the past tuhao gas appears more fashionable style.

 The Hummer greatly stopped at the door, Tang Xiaohu jumped out, pulled out a big flower basket from the back seat, happily into the platinum Han.

In the largest room, Tang Xiaohu put the flower basket in front of Gao Qiqiang and Gao Qisheng.

"Xiao Sheng, happy birthday, business is thriving, double happiness!”

Gao Qisheng spring breeze face: " with xi with xi! What else do you family?”

"That must, today your small PHS supermarket chain opened, after the Jinghai is your family!”

Gao Qisheng said with a smile: " What nonsense.”

Gao Qiqiang got up and took Tang Xiaohu to the corner of the bar with a low voice: " How is your brother?”

"I went to see him. He's fine in there. Don't worry.”

"Tell him to do well, I have done all the prison relations, made several commutations, and soon came out.”

Tang Xiaohu smiled and nodded: " Thank you strong brother!”

 In the middle of the sofa was only Gao Qisheng, who was coaxed by the girls. In his drunken eyes, he got up and went to the microphone. " I say.”

Everyone was quiet and looked at him.

"I, Gao Qisheng, today's birthday! Thank you who?thanks for parents! I am a worker's child, started from scratch, a small business! Do today, finally a little better. Thank you who?"Pointing to Gao Qiqiang," thank my brother!”

Everyone cheered, Gao Qiqiang steady smile.

 Gao Qisheng stamped his foot. " What is this place? Platinum han! Maybe some people do not know, this shop was not our high family before. When it was built, I was still reading, and my brother was still selling fish! Is the so-called carved column jade build by laying bricks or stones should still be in, but Zhu Yan change! No matter who she used to be, now it is our high family! In Jinghai, gao jia see things, sooner or later are gao jia!”

Everyone cheered up!

Gao Qiqiang frowned slightly, attached to the tiger ear said: " Xiao Sheng drunk, help him down to rest.”

 Gao Qisheng raised a glass: " Girls, a toast to my brother!”

 The girls held a cup to Gao Ziqiang swarmed, Tang Xiaohu crowded in the powder pile can not go out.

 Gao Qisheng laughed out loud on the stage.

Suddenly, the door opened, no one in the room, the atmosphere cool to the freezing point.

Tang Xiaohu stammered: "Sister-in-law......"

 Gao Qisheng wine was scared and half awakened, and shouted: " Sister-in-law.”

 Chen Shuting did not have any expression.

 As Gao drove, Chen sat in the passenger seat, and the mottled night swept across their faces.

Gao Qiqiang saw Chen Shuting mood ease, long a sigh of relief, hit a wine hiccup.

Chen shuting said: " Don't drive after drinking alcohol, find a driver.”

Gao Ziqiang smiled and said, " Why spend that money?”

"You don't lack that little money. By the way, Uncle Tai wants to see you tomorrow.”

"What did the Pops do by looking for with me?”

"He didn't elaborate, but he was not very happy. You will see him smile more tomorrow. Although the power of the construction group is given to you, but the men are brought out by the man.”

 Gao Ziqiang nodded and said, " I understand.”

 In the office of the chairman of Jinghai Construction Engineering Group, the tea is slowly poured on the golden toad tea pet, and the color of the tea pet becomes bright.

The female prison Cheng Cheng, 3 old age, sharp, desire is written on the face. She graduated from the "211" university, for the Thai uncle blame, sat three years in prison, returned to the construction group, as the chairman assistant. At this time, she has changed into a capable professional suit, opened the door, with Gao Qiqiang came in.

 Gao qiqiang smiled and said hello: " Tai dad.”

Uncle Tai intently appreciated the color change of the tea pet, without even taking a glance at him.

After a moment, Uncle Tai said slowly: " Cheng Cheng, I don't like this big toad, for another one.”

Cheng Cheng smiled slightly: " The golden toad is a fortune.”

 Uncle Tai said and said: " Do you see it brought? With a big mouth will only quack, no real skill. To give me a cow and horse, willing to work.”

 Gao qiqiang's face convulsed several times.

Cheng Cheng bent over to pick up the tea pet.

 Uncle Tai suddenly waved his hand: " Put it first, I will look.”

"yes."Cheng Cheng wisely changed the water and made the tea again.

Uncle Tai then looked up to Gao Qiqiang."Here, sit down!”

Gao Qiqiang still smiled: " Tai dad, recently in good health?”

Uncle Tai shook his head: " In the same way, I eat more medicine than rice every day. You control the whole group, don't spend it on me. I ask you, how is the project in Mang Village?”

"It went well. Li Youtian, the village party secretary, was very happy when we heard that we wanted to invest in the resort. Their village that a few broken land, and only we will open so good conditions.”

Uncle Tai glanced at Gao Qiqiang: " You don't know? Construction has already begun on the land we want.”

Gao Qiqiang urgent way: " What?”

Cheng Cheng then said, " I asked out that it was Li Youtian's son who was in charge of the construction.”

 Gao Qiqiang frowned: "But they can not get the approval of the district, dry is also white dry......"

Just said half of the words, Gao Qiqiang suddenly realized the real problem —— Mang village since dare to start construction, it must be sure to get the approval. District Mayor Gong Kaijiang, may not really stand on his own side.

Cheng Cheng cleared his throat and said, " Actually, I was worried about this plan from the very beginning. In order to use the collective land of Mang village without changing the nature of the land, the village committee needs to contribute more than half of the proportion, and we must be subject to others. In the future, even if you really get the demolition subsidy, it will be divided by the village.”

Uncle Tai said softly: " The firewood ignition is the construction group, the last cooked duck let others take away, the business can't do so?”

Gao Qiqiang stood up and said, " I'll deal with it.”

 Uncle Tai picked up the golden toad tea pet and handed it to Gao Qiqiang."Take this one away. Remember, just be loud.”

 Gao Ziqiang, looking overcast, walked over to his car. He weighed the golden toad, threw it far away, as if he were angry, and then got into the car.

At night, at the door of the seafood restaurant, Gao Kaiqiang helped the disheveled Gong Kaijiang out of the restaurant door. To Gong Kaijiang's car, Gao Qisheng was already holding two cardboard boxes, waiting behind the car.

 Gao Ziqiang pointed to the box and said, " A little local specialty, sea rice shrimp skin.”

 The driver opened the trunk of the car and got into the cab.

Gong opened the carton, pulled it through the shrimp skin, and exposed the bundles of yuan wrapped in plastic wrap.

Gong Kaijiang curled his mouth and said, " Boss Gao's business got bigger and bigger, but he became more and more stingy.”

Gao qiqiang said, " There were two boxes, but there was something going wrong with the project, so I had to move there for emergency.”

Gong Kaijiang understood, and shook his head with a smile. " I just knew what you said today. And to say angry, I'm more angry than you. Because the approval report of their land was handed down from the city, and with the signature of the leaders, I just made a walk.”

Gao Qiqiang frowned: " the city... which is the leader?”

Gong Kaijiang shook his head. " You don't need to know that. Li Youtian, an old muddy egg, not only played with you, but also did not leave me a mouthful of soup.”

 Gao Qiqiang pondered a little and said, " I understand, I deal with the matter of Mang village. Two boxes of local products owed to you will be sent home another day.”

Gao Qiqiang helped Gong Kaijiang into the car and waved goodbye.

The car left far away, Gao Qisheng quietly approached Gao Qiqiang, said: " Brother, can he believe his words?”

Gao Qiqiang said: " With the relationship of Uncle uncle, inquire to know true or false, he does not need to lie.”

Gao Qisheng frowned: " That so forget it?”

 Gao Keqiang fiercely said ruthlessly: " the construction group can not eat dumb loss, Li Youtian to put my blood, I will pick his skin!”

 On the field range of the Municipal Public Security Bureau, the parts of the Type 64 pistol were dismantled and spread out on the table. Wearing an eye mask, Anxin quickly assembled the gun together. He pulled off his blindfold, held a gun in his left hand, and fired at a human target, a bullet.

Li Xiang stood behind him and looked at him coldly.

The bullet was empty. Li Xiang walked into the firing range, took off the humanoid target, looked at the bullet hole above, and asked, " Why do you want to change your left hand?”

"The SWAT can shoot both left and right hands, and I want to practice. How are my grades doing?”

 Li Xiang put the human target in front of Anxin: " It's worse than your right hand. You can't catch up with the competition.”

Ann sadly grouped the target paper together.
------------

Chapter 3: The Master's death date

In the seafood restaurant box, the huge table is filled with seafood. Gao Qiqiang with Gao Qisheng and Tang Xiaohu set a banquet Li Youtian, Li Hongwei father and son, inquire about the plan of the resort. Behind Li Youtian and his son stood with several villagers of Mang village, have been paying attention to the conversation of the dinner. Li Youtian ate the dish and said slowly: "Today the village committee meeting, the main discussion is the development plan of the resort......"

Li Hongwei with the lobster, suddenly grabbed words: " The plan is yellow, you don't think about it.”

Li Youtian a clap the table: " shut up, this have your share to speak?!”

Gao Qiqiang tries to keep calm: " Yellow... what does that mean?”

Li Youtian said awkwardly: " also can't say yellow, just meet a little resistance. People in the village, do not know who passed down, said that the government to change the Qinghua district into a development zone, but also to build a highway, just from the mang village. You're talking about it, isn't that bullshit? It's bullshit, but some people really believe it. Collective land to the state-owned, this is a large sum of money! In addition, the village run enterprises on the ground, the day of mang village will be good, this is a good policy of the party and the country. In this gear, your construction group suddenly inserted a foot, divided half, of course the villagers do not.”

Gao Qisheng squeezed out a smiling face: " The resort of tens of millions of investment, from the construction to the management of all aspects of the money. If the government's plan is delayed for five or eight years, can you survive it?”

Li Youtian thought: " I guess... almost.”

Gao Qisheng smiled and said, " Don't think this is a small number. If you don't believe it, I will calculate it for you.”

 Li Hongwei peeled the shrimp and said, " Gao Er, do you think you have read so many books? Tell you, we have a village-run enterprise, Qinghua District more than half of the fire equipment is produced by us, build a resort how much money you need not calculate.”

Gao Qisheng tried to restrain himself, his face has already red.

 Li Youtian scolded: " Rabbit son, more and more strong, right? Do you not know the high bosses? Boss Gao called us to come, must have a better idea, you need to say.”

Li Youtian face toward his son, but the words outside the words in the mulberry scold huai, beating the Gao brothers.

Gao Qi suppressed his anger and said, " Old party secretary, why don't you say an idea? Let's listen.”

"Society is developing so fast that I can't have an old man to keep up with The Times. I don't have any ideas. But today the meeting, the village people put forward a few opinions, I am afraid of confused brain can not remember, copy on the paper.”

Li Youtian took out a piece of paper folded in a square way from inside his personal pocket, carefully spread it out, and handed it to Gao Qiqiang.

When Gao Qiqiang glanced at him, and his face became even more ugly."Old party secretary, you this condition, is to let the construction engineering group to work for nothing?”

"This is the opinion of the villagers, not my personal meaning. Boss Gao, I clip in the middle is hard to do ah!”

Gao Qiqiang could not help it, the tone is strong up: " are all the Jinghai people, do things absolutely, later can not be good to meet!”

Li Youtian's face changed, suddenly gave birth to some bandits: " high boss, in business business, malicious words can not be good! Do you know how the word of Mang village came from?”

 Li Hongwei patted the table, stood up: " surnamed high, you are just the old factory street selling fish, just rich a few days, want to come to the king? You ask the mang village if it is afraid of you!”

 This time, Li Youtian did not scold his son.

 Several of the men he had brought all stood up with their fierce faces.

Tang Xiaohu kicked over the chair, picked up the bottle on the table smashed a smash, the hand of the bottle dog teeth staggered.

 Gao Qiqiang, playing with the glass, said: " It seems that the old party secretary does not want the meal I asked, we will get together.”

 Then he took up the glass and drank it down.

Li Youtian stared at him, seeing that he had no intention of doing anything, he also drank a drink.

Li Youtian recovered his shrinking humility and said, " Then let's go first.”

Gao added: " But the resort is our plan, we don't do it, no one can do it.”

 Li Yutian has a smile: " Everything is done.”

Mang village people proudly left the private room.

Gao strong hook finger, Tang Xiaohu head over."I want to eat the fish.”

 Tang Xiaohu nodded: " Understand. I'll be sending it in here tomorrow.”

Inside the Iveco car, the criminal police team is fully armed, wearing a bulletproof vest, armed with live ammunition, the body along with the car line slightly bumpy. Several new young men for the first time through this great battle, their heads are sweaty.

Li Xiang said: " The terrain of the anti-terrorism assault is a city village, with complex roads and dense population. Despite the armed police, they still need to be prepared for all kinds of accidents. From the moment I got off the bus, every accident was a test question. Anxin, you follow me, to protect me behind me.”

The car suddenly stopped, everyone body with inertia, the sound from the headphones: " The vehicle arrived at the scene! The assessment begins.”

 Li Xiang opened the car door: " Go!”

 Li Xiang and An Xin led the criminal police team, through a broken wall, came to the ruins of the city village.

 Li Xiang and An Xin started together, entered a building, and climbed up the stairs.

 From time to time there are masked gangsters with machetes, sticks suddenly out, accompanied by "wah wah" cry. The young police officers had never seen it before, and they were all confused.

Close encounter competition is the psychological quality. Anxin's left hand marksmanship sent a use —— he calm, bullets, and never hit the key, the bullets hit the joints, let the opponent lose the ability to resist. They quickly came to the top floor.

 Li Xiang gave the order: " Organize the equipment. Room by room search! Me, Anxin, walk in the middle road. Jiang Chao, Lu Han, go on the left wing. Shi Wei, dog, go the right. Zhang Biao, Da Liu, the emergency channel. Don't ask for you to be fast, ask for stability!"Said, the spare magazine into Anxin's hand," practice quite effective.”

 Soon entered the rescue of the hostages, Li Xiang came forward to negotiate, Anxin looking for the shooting position, waiting at any time, rescue the hostages.

 In negotiation, Li Xiang talked to the gangster, hid his right hand behind him, clenched his fist and motioned for Anxin to shoot.

 Anxin's right hand shook slightly, and he pressed his right hand with his left hand, trying to stabilize the muzzle.

 Li Xiang's fist behind the back and hard grip, Anxin is still not fully sure. Li Xiang was anxious, could not help but look at Anxin's hiding place, the eyes of the gangster and the hostages were also taken in the past. Seeing the position exposed, An Xin heart a cross, had to shoot.

"Poof" —— The smoke from the hostage rang and burst out.

 From the headphones came the referee's voice: " The rescue failed.”

 The others gathered behind Li Xiang, looking at Anxin's hiding place. Anxin wanted to have a crack into the ground.

 Old Mo, dressed neatly, carrying two live fish in one hand and his grown daughter in the other, rang the high doorbell respectfully. After Xu Jiang's death, Gao Qiqiang helped Lao Mo to live a new life. Lao Mo managed Gao Qiqiang's aquatic shop, do sound and colorful, and in Gao Qiqiang's efforts to be his daughter Huang Yao received to the side to raise. Now Old Mo has been Gao Qi, strong side of the die-hard.

The door opened, Gao Qiqiang enthusiastically let two people into the hall.

 Old Mo stamped his foot in front of the door, afraid to bring a little mud into the house."boss."He called out, and turned to his daughter." Call Uncle Gao.”

The girl looked much thinner than her peers, silent, timid back behind Lao Mo.

Gao Qiqiang said with a smile: " Tell your uncle, what is your name?”

Old Mo replied, " Huang Yao.”

Gao Qiqiang was shocked."Not with your last name?”

Lao Mo smiled casually: " Her grandparents promised to follow me, the condition is not to change the name.”

Gao Qiqiang nodded, in order to resolve the embarrassment, rushed to the room to wave: " Xiaochen! Take my sister to your room to play, I said a few words.”

 Xiaochen ran out and waved to Huang Yao: " Go, show you my Transformers.”

 Huang Yao followed him timidly.

In the kitchen, Lao Mo and Gao Qiqiang are together to clear the fish.

Old Mo quickly said: " Boss, I will come to do, you don't dirty hands.”

Gao qiqiang said softly, " You are my killer mace. I can't use it easily. If it weren't for this time that village party secretary soft and hard not eat, also will not move you.”

"I just took him off.”

"Kill him, things get, and you still can't get it down. We want to spoil the project and let them know that we are hard to mess with. When they are soft, the business will continue. I believe in you. I've never lost it.”

Old Mo smiled and said: " miss is not afraid, implicated you."And used," My only concern is this daughter.”

Gao qiqiang said, " If something happens when I am innocent, she will be my own daughter.”

Silent, he packed up the fish, put them on the plate, and rushed away."It's ready. Then I'll go back.”

 Gao Qiqiang nodded: " I send you.”

The so-called resort project is just the renovation of the remaining old diaolou. A scaffolding was set up around the old tower, and there were few workers, all of whom were lazy. There was a broken table in the shade, and Zhang Daqing, the person in charge, registered the new workers one by one. Lao Mo took out a fake ID card and put it on the table. Zhang Daqing looked at the photo and looked at Lao Mo.

"Is it yours? Not like ah!”

"Thin when I was young.”

 Zhang Daqing said nothing, and began to register the information."Well, go on. Id card detain here, give you again when you leave.”

 Old Mo took a helmet and walked out to the construction site.

Zhang Biao took Jiang Chao and Lu Han to hang a public security system competition "individual first prize" certificate on the wall.

Jiang Chao curled his mouth, said: " Unfortunately, only the Li team won the individual award, our criminal police team did not even get a comfort prize.”

 Zhang Biao said: " You said at that time if the Li team and I partner, the result will be what?”

Anxin sat at her station in the corner, pretending not to hear.

Li Xiang came to Anxin's desk, tapped on it, and said, " Let's go out.”

An Xin looked up her head and asked, " Why?”

 Li Xiang lowered his voice, " Today is the day of my master's death.”

Li Xiang had a cigarette in his mouth, lit it, and respectfully placed it in front of Cao Chuang's tombstone. Anxin stood behind him holding a small bouquet in his hand, with a complicated expression.

"The first time I saw you bring me flowers.”

Anxin hesitated and said, " He is not a good cop, but a good master.”

"What is a good policeman? If, by your standards, you had arrived at the scene six years ago, what would you do?”

"So, six years ago, what really happened here? You should tell me that.”

 Li Xiang opened his mouth and suddenly read a strange thing from An Xin's eyes. He grabbed Anxin's bouquet and tore it open roughly, revealing a recording pen inside.

Li Xiang raised the voice recorder to Anxin: " Even if you record what, it can't be used as evidence!"Li Xiang threw the voice recorder on the ground and crushed it to pieces.

"You are still so childish! How can you fight the bad guys with those rules?”

Anxin sneered: " This is how the master taught you?”

Li Xiang pointed to An Xin, and said, " Did the report of resuming the investigation fail again? How many times? Don't you learn a lesson yet? No one believed you six years ago, and so it is true now.”

An Xin met Li Xiang's eyes: "If it wasn't for you to conceal the truth......"

Li Xiang brutally interrupted: " That is the same, there will be no difference! When I arrived, Xu Jiang was already dead, and the master had only one breath, no witnesses, no testimony, and nothing! Even if I tell the truth, only the reputation of the city bureau and the trust of the police! Master, you or I, how much have we paid for the security of Jinghai, do we want to erase all one or two mistakes?”

Anxin was silent for a moment and said, " Do you think you are protecting the reputation of all the police in Jinghai? I wonder if you have ever regretted it?”

 Li Xiang said word by word: " I regret every day, but no matter how good I am better than you! This world is not short of dreams, you have the ability to achieve it! If you think you are just, then catch me, not become more like a waste day by day!”

Anxin clenched his fist and rang straight away.

 Li Xiang said: " I am the captain of the police, if you dare to attack me, I let you get out of the police!”

An Xin could not stand it again, punching Li Xiang hard in the face. Li Xiang was staggered. He touched the blood on the corners of his mouth and smiled.

"You're not so unruly at last.”
------------

 Chapter 4, Old Mo's Fish

 At the construction site of Mang village, at the top of the scaffolding, a thin old worker sits on the shelf drinking water.

Old Mo took two box lunches, came to him and squatted down, giving him a meal.

"Lao Li, make do with it."Old Mo opened the lunch box," small workers earn less, are we these outsiders do, you a mang village people, how also do the same with us?”

 Lao Li sighed: " Mang village is not every family is rich, the son body is not good, I can only come out to do, with the technology than ah! I would have known how to be a mason when I was young. Well, if you learn some skills while you are young, you will know nothing. You will suffer when you get old.”

Lao Mo nodded and said yes, putting all the salted fish in his lunch box to the rice in Lao Li's lunch box. Lao Li smiled gratefully.

 The foreman blew the whistle downstairs: " Eat fast, eat fast, start work!”

 Lao Li Meng took a few bites, ate up the box lunch, and stood up.

Old Mo stepped back a step and untied the safety rope that old Li hung on the steel pipe.

"Lao Li, your safety rope is gone!”

 Lao Li a leng, look down to check the body.

 Old Mo, who had distracted him, suddenly thrust him hard. Lao Li cried out and fell down. Old Mo then left.

 The scene was in chaos, and everyone gathered at Lao Li's body.

In the office of the village committee, Li Youtian and Li Hongwei had just answered the phone of the construction committee, and someone reported a serious safety accident on the construction site, and asked for immediate work stoppage and waiting for inspection. Li Youtian's sinister face shook uncontrollably.

"I haven't got the news yet, but the construction committee knows it first. Well, Gao Qiqiang, you want to Yin, we will play upside down!”

The Diaolou site has been blocked by the district police station police, around the cordon, blocking the villagers and workers. Li Xiang and An Xin were both at the scene. In Li Xiang let people transferred to monitor to find the suspect clues, Li Youtian in the son's help out, shouted: " the murderer is Gao Qiqiang!"Li Youtian and Li Hongwei complained, the villagers were stirred up to righteous indignation.

Li Hongwei seemed to talk to the police and to all the villagers, saying loudly at the top of his voice, " Gao Qiqiang has a crush on this land in our village. I want to rob it! We didn't agree, so he sent someone to make trouble with the project!”

Li Youtian and his son sing together, do distressed head."Nothing more than seeking money, why kill you! Had known he was so ruthless, this land to him, don't hurt the villagers!”

Li Xiang softly asked Anxin side: " What do you think? You know Gao Qiqiang.”

Anxin thought for a while. " I think he can do it.”

"Can you leave you in charge of this case?”

 An Xin sneer: " meet Gao Qiqiang, you hide?”

Li Shan suddenly appeared outside the police cordon, crying to be rushed into the scene, causing a riot.

When Li Shan saw Li Xiang, he shouted, " Son, it is your old uncle who dies! He hugged you when he was a child. You have to avenge him!”

 Li Xiang said with a headache: " See, I am not hiding from Gao Qiqiang, is to avoid suspicion.”

 An Xin did not know whether to mock Li Xiang, or whether to sympathize with him.

In the reception room of the city bureau, Li Youtian and Li Hongwei and other members of the village committee sat in the house, completely changing it to the village committee.

"Early said Gao Qiqiang is not easy to provoke, the project to do for them, we pick up ready-made is not good? Li Shun his son came to make trouble, forced to compensate, Hongwei is the person in charge, have to give a statement.”

Li Hongwei eyes a stare, to urgent eyes, was Li Youtian stare one eye, had to bury his head.

"Party secretary, this project is still done? You have to take a board!”

 Li Youtian again like withered, squinting eyes, sucking cigarette butts, let them make noise.

Li Xiang and An Xin pushed the door and came in. Everyone stood up.

Anxin asked, " Are all the transcripts done?”

Li Youtian nodded: " That's done.”

Anxin pulled open her chair and said, " Let's talk again.”

Li Youtian a face helpless: " the say we all said, you all saw the scene, the dead home also went, but also to talk about what?”

"Listen again more, and there is always something new.”

 Li Youtian frowned: " That is to say, your current clue is not enough to catch Gao Keqiang bai?”

The old man said so explicit, An Xin and Li Xiang had to smile awkwardly.

Li Youtian swept a circle in the crowd, suddenly made a fuss said: " Ah, why did Li Shan brother not come? Such a big thing, we have to call Brother Li Shan!”

Li Xiang frowned: " No, Li Shan did not participate in this project, know most of the news is hearsay.”

 Li Youtian sincerely said: " I can't say so, the village always attaches great importance to your father's opinion. In the past, when setting up a factory, there were many difficulties, and I did not take good care of your family. I have been feeling sorry for so many years. Now that life is getting better and better, it's time to subsidize your family.”

Li Xiang could not listen, and stared at Anxin.

An Xin said: " Old party secretary, we are short of time, or talk about serious things first.”

 Li Youtian nodded and said, " Serious matter?good! Say everything you know!”

 The people of Mang village, around the two police, began to curse Gao Qiqiang.

City bureau criminal police conference room, all people sitting together, director Guo Wenjie attended, is listening to Li Xiang introduced the case.

"According to the current situation, this may be a criminal case caused by an economic dispute, and a task force is now set up. Since the party involved was in Mang Village, where my household registration was located, I applied to avoid suspicion. The task force is headed by Comrade An Xin and is in full charge. Anxin, here.”

An Xin stood up and said: " According to the clues reflected by Mang Cun, Gao Qiqiang of Jinghai Construction Engineering Group is very suspected."An Xin posted Gao Qiqiang's photos and materials on the whiteboard." Gao Qiqiang officially joined Jinghai Construction Engineering Group in 2001 as the project manager. He won many large projects for the construction engineering Group, helped the group develop and grow, and made it the largest construction contracting company in the city. He was promoted to general manager in 2004, second only to chairman Chen Tai. According to rumors, Gao Qiqiang privately called Chen Tai as his father, is recognized as the heir of the group. During Gao's tenure, we received several reports claiming that Gao had used violent means to attack competitors, lower prices and monopolize the market. But these cases either lack of evidence, or the victims privately settled, we have never caught Gao Qiqiang handle."Anxin posted more photos of Gao Qi Qiang's claws on the whiteboard."These people are the backbone of Gao Qiqiang. Most of them come from Guchang Street and have known Gao for a long time. Except for Tang Xiaolong, who is in prison, everyone else is at large.”

Guo Wenjie coughed and said, " Pay attention to the wording. Only with solid evidence that they have committed a crime can they are at large.”

"Gao Qiqiang is not what he used to be, there will be great resistance to investigate."Said Anxin." With what I know about him, he won't let these cases get involved in him, so he wasted his time.”

 Guo Wenjie looked at Anxin and said, " Tell me about your way.”

Anxin picked up another folder and handed it to Guo, a portrait of Mo and a copy of his fake ID card.

"This is a portrait of the suspect described by the eyewitness. The fake ID card he used is very new and should have been done soon. Last year, the city concentrated on cracking down on a number of fake card dens, the relevant information should be used.”

Guo Wenjie thought, asked: " caught a false card, follow the trail to find the murderer?”

"yes.”

Guo Wenjie said: " Well, this idea is feasible, that Gao Ziqiang there how to do? The people of Mang village have been holding him on.”

 Anxin shook his head and said, " There is no evidence that the murderer is related to Gao Qiqiang. Look for him for nothing. If it is really at his order, then he must be ready to be summoned. So we do not go to him, wait for Gao Qiqiang his own card.”

In the office of Platinum Han, the layout of the room is very different from that of Xu Jiang before. The temperament of the nouveau riche is much less, with a few large bookcases, which put a variety of famous books and books related to industry and business administration. But on closer look, most of these books are brand new and unopened. Gao Qiqiang sat in the wide boss's chair, staring at the phone.

Gao Qisheng pushed the door and came in, and called out: " Brother!”

Gao Qiqiang seems to be surprised: " During the daytime not to see the shop, run me here why?”

"How can I see them? You thought it was the head?”

"Mudused, the money comes so fast, the brain has not caught up. How many days has Mang village been suspended?”

Gao Qisheng thought about it and said: " Four days later, I called the construction committee, the land bureau and the safety supervision office, asking them to take turns to check. Li Hongwei's grass tai team is not qualified, the certificate is borrowed, was punished a lot.”

"It's been four days. Why didn't the police contact me?”

Gao Qisheng said with a smile: " Qinghua District police station can not do, on to the city bureau.”

"City bureau, is it falling into the hands of Anxin again?”

"Sure, these years he like a dog skin plaster, throw off, this case he is willing to give others to do?”

"When did he become so calm? No matter he, put the words out, who dare to accept the project of the village, is with the construction group.”

"Rest assured, no construction team dares to take their work right now.”

"As long as forced Li Youtian to throw in the towel, the rest is nothing more than to lose money private, Anxin check also can not find out what.”

 Gao Qisheng smiled and said, " Understand.”

On the edge of the city, there are various handicraft workshops. On the street, several workers are installing traffic cameras. Anxin and young Lu were in a shabby van, surveying the block. Anxin took the portrait of the suspect and thought hard.

Lu Han probe Chou Chou Chou: " keep staring at, have so good-looking?”

"Always feel something familiar to the eye.”

Lu Han casually said: " Will it be a wanted man?”

"I look at the pictures of a wanted man every day, and I can recognize them at a glance. This guy is not, I just can't remember where I saw it anywhere.”

 Lu Han patted An Xin, pointed outside the car: " Here!”

A young man, in his shoes and unkempt, went to a broken store and opened the lock.

 Anxin said, " Go!”

Young people are those who get fake certificates under the banner of "typing and photocopying". An Xin and Lu Han threatened them, but sold hundreds of fake ID cards a day, simply can not remember the people on the portrait. Anxin had to let the other side remember the portrait, the news immediately contacted himself, at the same time installed the surveillance camera outside the printing store.
------------

 Chapter 5, the fishy smell

Late in the night, the information department is still brightly lit. Under Anxin, the police targeted five counterfeiters and installed cameras near their work places and homes. They are ready to fight a protracted war, because generally speaking, the murderer will hide for a period of time and wait for the wind to pass. Before the fake ID card is used up, certainly still have to do a new one.

 Just as everyone was staring at the screen, Jiang Chao suddenly pointed to the screen and shouted, " Leader, this person is like the one on the portrait!”

 An Xin a excited spirit, bent over to the screen. On the screen, a burly man wandered around in front of the printing shop. Anxin immediately informed the police officers in charge of the lookout there.

Lao Mo, wearing a hoodie covering his face, stood in front of the print shop.

Soon the young man came up in his shoes."Why should it be so urgent?”

"I lost my ID card last time. Make a new one.”

 The young man opened the door and said, " Come in.”

Old Mo looked around and followed the young man into the store.

A van slowly drove to the opposite side of the printing shop, sitting in the passenger seat of the van, staring at the printing shop, picked up the walkie-talkie: " 60 percent similarity, it is too dark to see. Do you want to go into the store to touch the situation?”

In the information section, Anxin stared at the screen and said: " The store is narrow, easy to cause unnecessary casualties. You stare, and I'll go to support.”

 Shi Wei's voice came out through the walkie-talkie: " Understand.”

Mo followed the young man into the store and watched the man pull out a stack of fake papers from the safe and tie them together with rubber bands. He watched warily, looked through the window and saw several more cameras on the street, which seemed to be targeting the store.

"There are some more cameras on the street. Are they new ones?”

 The young man said casually, " Didn't notice.”

Mr.Mo stared at a van parked across the road with dark Windows and could not tell if there was anyone inside.

"Did the police ever come looking for you?”

The young man hesitated and said, " Yes, but you can rest assured, I will say nothing. I just want money. There's nothing to do with me.”

Anxin hurried to, with landing Han and others, went to the side of the van, knocked on the glass."how?”

Shi Wei said: " Both of them came out, there was music all the time.”

 Anxin looked at her watch. " For so long? Go over and see.”

 Anxin took the lead to the printing shop. He pressed his hand on the holster in the back and opened the button. The print shop had the lights on, and the music was loud inside.

 The room was still dirty, the computer on and music playing at random. At the moment is empty, a window in the corner was smashed, the security window was also kicked open, so big open. Anxin smelled a breath of blood, and he turned sharply into the counter. The young man huddled in a corner, covered with blood, his throat cut. Lu Han rushed to the open window, outside is a dark lane, never unknown?

 The victim Li Shun has a son Li Qing, is an intermittent neuropathy patient, look at the eyes are oblique, the hand a excited can not stop trembling. Before Li Hongwei on behalf of the construction site to the poor Li Qing sent some money and food then sent him, now in order to let Gao Qixian strong soft, Li Youtian and his son want to use this poor young man. At this time of Li Qing arm wearing a black hoop, into the village committee, the house only Li Youtian and his son. Li Qing is very concerned about whether the murderer of his father has been captured, hear the other side is very powerful, the public security also dare not catch, Li Qing suddenly fell on, overturned Li Youtian's desk.

Li Youtian picked up the table and cleaned it up by himself.

"Your father shun son what a good person, honest, said no no. Your mother died early, you were in poor health, and your family depended on your father. At ordinary times the village help is also little, I am a branch secretary, in the future your home lack what to eat, come to the village committee, do not want to open to my home, add a pair of chopsticks... ah, after you a person, how can life live?”

 Li Hongwei hurriedly added: " This account, ah, all have to be counted on Gao Ziqiang's head, but also let him taste the taste of losing his loved ones! Your father is just too honest, just to be bullied by them! In ancient times those heroes, chivalry, which does not have revenge, kill the father of revenge is not common!”

 Li Youtian and his son sang together, Li Qing the whole person shiver more severe.

 Looking at Li Qing's appearance, Li Youtian and Li Hongwei probably know: afternoon Anxin on Li Qing's inquiry estimate will not be too smooth.

On the seawall, the official cars were parked alone on the bank. Li Xiang and Zhao Lidong met in the car.

Zhao Lidong cut to the point: " about you several times to push, the case handled how?”

"I'm not responsible. I'm not very clear. The group leader is An Xin.”

"Your master is more useful than you are. Don't waste his pains. He has received many benefits from Xu Jiang. You can check his account and just know if I lied to you.”

Li Xiang drove the door to go out.

 Zhao Lidong continued: " I will call the construction committee and say that the construction site can be approved.”

 Mang village neighborhood committee, to Li Qing's inquiry in Li Youtian expected. An Xin knew that the villagers 'distrust of the police and Li Youtian. In order to appease Li Qing's emotions and not prevent him from making extreme actions, An Xin decided to avoid Li Youtian and find Li Qing again, so he asked Lu Han to go out to buy some food and find an excuse to go to Li Qing's home and plan to cook a meal.

 Washing vegetables, cooking, eating, the atmosphere is harmonious, the lifeless room added to the life, Li Qing finally gradually put down the guard, showing a smile.

 An Xin pretended to look for food, but the eyes fell on the corner of Li Qinggang baby like embrace back on the woven bag.

"What about Onions? Where are the spring Onions going on? I should have some scallions."As he spoke, his foot kicked open the mouth of the woven bag, revealing the big fishing net. Anxin stepped on it with her feet and did not find any hard things.

Li Qing picked up the scallions on the ground and handed them to him, saying, " The scallions are here.”

Anxin took it over and put it on the table, saying: " Li Qing, you can be a cook. Come on, eat up! Don't waste such a good dish!”

 Li Qing picked up her chopsticks and suddenly stopped, staring at a plate of fish."My father seems to have said that someone on the construction site often talked to him, with a fishy smell.”

In the car, Lu Han was driving, and An Xin was sitting in the passenger seat.

Lu Han asked: " Brother An, you have been comforting his mood, are you afraid of his revenge to Gao Qiqiang?”

"He has a mental hospital to prove that Mang village to deal with Gao Qiqiang, he is the most suitable candidate.”

Lu Han heaved a sigh of relief: " This meal made me sweat. What is it in his woven bag?”

"Fishing net, but still can't take it lightly, when you go to the police station of the tube, let them stare at Li Qing, prevent him from being instigated by others, big trouble. I went to check out the fishy guy.”

"It used to be a fishing village. Isn't it normal to have a fishy smell? Can you be a clue?”

 Anxin smiled: " Gao Qiqiang used to sell fish.”

When Li Youtian entered Li Qing's home, Li Qing was cleaning the house.

"The two cops are coming to you again? What are you talking about?”

"My dad's case. By the way, uncle, I want to go out to work again.”

"Go? Who will take your father's revenge?”

Li Qing bowed his head. " Officer An said he would catch the killer.”

Li Youtian was furious: " Officer An, Officer An! Is he your father or your mother? He lied to you! Gao Qiqiang had already bought them through, you still believe him!”

 Li Qing was stunned. Li Youtian rushed to the medicine cabinet, took out all the medicine that Li Qing usually took, and put it into a bag."These medicine all eat you silly, don't eat later!”

 Li Qing wanted to stop, was Li Youtian roughly pushed away.

Inside the public security bureau, Jiang Chao knocked on the door, walked into the captain's office, and put several bank statements on the table.

"Lee, what you want, I found my relatives in the bank.”

Li Xiang picked up the flow sheet to browse.

 Jiang said, " Captain Cao Chuang had only one bank card under his name, and his salary and bonus. The amount was normal. But his wife has a bank card under her name and has made several big money. If I can't figure out how I can earn that much if you haven't won the lottery.”

Li Xiang took it over for a look, and he was shocked. All he suspected was finally confirmed.

"Thank you, little ginger. Don't tell anyone else about it.”

 Jiang Chao nodded wisely and went out. Li Xiang tore the water sheet so broken that it could not be broken again and looked out of the window. The sky was overcast with clouds, thunder, and the torrential rain fell at any time.

Li Qing's family, Li Hongwei's attendant Zhang Daqing, Zhang Xiaoqing brothers and Li Qing sat together drinking. The table was filled with empty wine bottles and chewing bones. Two people live to Li Qing wine, Li Qing drink two eyes blindfolded.

 Zhang Daqing held up the cup and said, " Come on, dry the last cup! We carry the head to help you, not for anything else, just respect you are a man!”

 Encouraged by the two men, Li Qing drank the wine clean, choked, and coughed violently.

The two brothers winked away.

Zhang Daqing glanced at his phone and said, " It's almost time to go.”

Li Qing still has a trace of reason: " Do you really want to go?”

 Zhang Xiaoqing patted the table: " How?finish?! It wasn't my father who killed him!”

 It was raining heavily, the school gate was empty, and the stalls also ran away. Only Chen Shuting alone held an umbrella, looking around, her face full of anxiety.

In the primary school reception room, several people around the surveillance to check. In the screen, Xiaochen holding a fried string, while walking while eating, out of the picture.

 The security guard said, " It's a blind spot, the school camera can't. He was robbed by a gray Wuling Hongguang, which many students saw the scene.”

"What about the license plate number?"An Xin asked.

The security guard thought about it and said, "One child said that the end number is 5."

 Anxin's mobile phone rang, inside came Lu Han excited voice: " Brother, you infer the right, gray Wuling Hongguang in the village, the license plate number is the sea A12425! We are working with the police station.”

"Be careful not to alert the suspect. I'll come right here."Anxin said to the phone.

Chen Shuting grabbed An Xin: " found?!”

 Anxin nodded, " There is a clue."Said to turn to the school leadership," trouble you take good care of the students' parents.”

 The crowd nodded quickly.

"Officer Ann, you have saved us both. Please save you again!"Chen Shuting cried.

An Xin nodded, " Sure!”
------------

 Chapter 6 Misunderstanding

In the torrential rain, Li Qing held Xiaochen in his arms, took out a knife, and confronted the police in despair.

"Let Gao Qiqiang come, I let people go, I want him to pay for my father's life!”

Li Xiang lowered his voice: " inform the armed police support.”

 Zhang Biao nodded: " has been informed, on the road.”

An Xin crowded through the onlookers and rushed to the scene. An Xin looked at Li Qing and could not understand why the young man became a demon in just two days. Li Qing's eyes are only crazy, he is still mumbling, simply can not communicate.

An Xin approached Li Xiang and said softly, " I'll talk to him. I ate with him once. The young man is quite simple, should be affected by what stimulation.”

Li Xiang turned his head to look at him. " I am from Mang Village. Li Qing was not normal since she was a child, fighting every time. He is a mental illness, kill people for nothing, others kill him to pay for his life, so everyone dare not provoke him. I know him better than you do."He pulled out his own gun and put it into Anxin's hand." I came to calm his mood. In case of an emergency, you will shoot.”

Anxin hesitated, " I... am not suitable.”

"You are better than me. After all, we are from my hometown. If I shoot, my father can not be a man in this village.”

 Anxin clenched her teeth and nodded.

Li Xiang looked around: " You find a secluded advantageous shooting position."He glanced at the opposite platform and said," till I give you a signal."Said it, holding the hand into a fist, and waved it.

Anxin hesitated: " Is there no other solution?”

 Zhang Biao suddenly shouted: " Li team, there is a situation!”

The villagers around the village lane restless up, Li Hongwei, Zhang Daqing, Zhang Xiaoqing mixed in the masses, fanning the flames.

Li Hongwei shouted, " Get out of the police!”

Zhang Daqing shouted: " Kill to pay for life, natural!”

 Zhang Xiaoqing shouted, " Li Qing, a hero!”

 The onlookers are two or three times more than just now, only most of the police to stop, the situation is very critical. But the villagers kept a safe distance, just Shouting. Li Qing was stimulated even more excited. A muck truck fell in the middle of the road, dumping bricks and tiles blocking the road into the village. Two armed police vehicles were blocked outside the village, heavily armed armed police are negotiating with the villagers.

 Li Youtian leaned outside the village office, stretched out his hand to catch the rain falling from the eaves, straightened up and looked leisurely.

At this time, Li Qing's mood is on the verge of collapse.

 Li Xiang shouted, " Li Qing, take a good look at me! We grew up together, you don't believe me?”

 Li Xiang's anger suppressed Li Qing, but Li Xiang know to drag down the ominous, so the hand back behind, made a fist action —— shot signal.

 The rain was mixed with cold sweat, and his right hand shook more and more.

 Bang —— shot.

 Li Qing was shot in the heart, decadent fell to the ground, the dagger in his hand slipped.

 Anxin returned to the reality in the confusion, he looked at the gun in his hand, suddenly understood, turned around and looked back.

Not far from the roof, the armed police snipers creeping, the muzzle of the gun smoke seems to have not cleared.

 The armed police observer breathed a sigh of relief: " The robbers have been killed and the hostages are safe.”

 Li Qing's body motionless, Xiaochen was carried away by Jiang Chao.

 The villagers seemed to be watching a juggling, ready to disperse. They seemed to have lost their memories, as if they were not those who had just shouted at the police, and someone had already started discussing what to eat for dinner.

An Xin holding Xiaochen out of the village, hesitated for a moment, or toward Gao Qiqiang and Chen Shuting walked. Gao Qiqiang rushed up, holding an umbrella on the heads of Anxin and his son. Xiaochen jumped down from An Xin and cried into Chen Shuting's arms.

 Chen Shuting looked up her head and said to Anxin, " Thank you!thanks!”

 Anxin had mixed feelings and nodded slightly.

 Gao Qiqiang still held an umbrella for Anxin, stretched out his hand to him, and his gratitude was very sincere.

An Xin just stared at Gao Qiqiang, not out his hand.

Gao Ziqiang said with a wry smile, " Do I do not deserve to shake hands with you now?”

An Xin said with no expression, " Li Qing is dead.”

 Gao Qiqiang said, " Who?"Suddenly suddenly realized," Oh, the kidnappers, death is his luck.”

Xiaochen covered her ears and buried her head in Chen Shuting's arms.

Chen Shuting picked up Xiaochen, and said, " I will take him on the bus first.”

Anxin said, " For the time being, you can't go home yet. Please go to the bureau to make a record first.”

 Chen Shuting worried and asked, " Can another day? The child was so frightened.”

Anxin was a little embarrassed.

Gao said: " We took the child to the hospital for a check-up and took him immediately if there was no problem.”

 Li Xiang came over and said, " Well, let's send a car to go with you.”

Gao Qiqiang family of three sitting in the back row, the couple holding Xiaochen's hand.

Gao Qiqiang said: " Son, my father asked you, how many people have kidnapped you?”

Xiaochen shook her head: " I can't remember clearly. They took a net button on me and put a towel over my face, so I didn't remember anything.”

 Gao Qiqiang nodded: " Good, remember dad's words, only one person kidnapped you. Wait for a while to the public security bureau and the police uncle said so.”

Xiaochen nodded vaguely, and looked at her mother again.

Chen Shuting touch Xiaochen: " Listen to my father."And cough, rushed to the front of the driver Lu Tao said," Xiao Lu, drive to the boss, hear the words from the deaf ear.”

 Lu Tao said sadly, " I didn't hear anything.”

In the office of the criminal police team, there is a pile of box lunch on the table, the police of the task force each holding a share, while eating and working.

An Xin walked into the office, threw the paper book on the table, took a box of lunch and said, " Li Qing confused Gao Xiaochen with a towel stained with ether. The child could not remember what happened after getting on the bus. But for sure, Li Qing was alone in the car.”

"Isn't that a good thing? The case is much simpler.”

 Anxin shook his head. " But Li Qing doesn't have a driver's license.”

"Without a driver's license doesn't mean you can't drive."Said Jiang Chao.

 Anxin wanted to refute, but resisted."I'll know when Li Xiang comes back.”

Just then, Li Xiang came back, very depressed.

Anxin asked, " Did you get it?”

Li Xiang shook his head. " No. The camera at the entrance to the village is good, but the hard drive that saved the video is missing.”

 An Xin analysis said: " do a guilty conscience, but proved my guess —— someone helped Li Qing kidnap Gao Xiaochen, or even coerced him to commit the crime.”

"I agree with your judgment. Looking at today's situation, I don't believe that no one plans to abet."Li Xiang answered.

Shi Wei shouted, " Brother Ann, captain, come and see this!”

Shi Wei, while looking at the computer, said: " There is an article on the Internet that Gao Qiqiang is the Jinghai underworld, and Li Qing was forced by him to commit the crime. To say that we killed Li Qing and captured the villagers of Mang Village is to support Gao Qiqiang and act as the umbrella of the evil forces!”

 Anxin and others listened to, immediately around the past."let me see!”

There are many pictures in the article that are not conducive to the police: the police have physical contact with the villagers, the armed police suppress and detain the villagers, and the police carry the body bag. Finally, there are several distant panoramic photos. After enlarging the photos, you can vaguely identify the emotional appearance of Anxin Shouting at the villagers and the situation of Gao Qiqiang holding an umbrella for Anxin.

Jiang Chao pointed to the photo: " Isn't this a brother?! Enoom in, it's pretty scary.”

 Anxin said half-jokingly: " More than 100,000 times, 200,000 comments and more than a million page views are enough to pursue criminal responsibility. Here, who is the writer?”

 Roll the mouse and slide the article to the top.

 Anxin was stunned.

Below the bold title is written —— author: Meng Yu.

At this time of Meng Jia, Meng Yu's mother Cui aunt in front of the computer surprised even shout Meng Yu: " This is the report you write?! What does your newspaper in Beijing care about the Jinghai?”

"Now is the Internet age, the region is not so strong! Moreover, as a reporter, we should disclose the darkness of society and expose the injustice of society! The most respected in our industry is the undercover reporter, what black brick kiln, bloody land acquisition, securities black market, a lot of big cases are because of the truth!”

Aunt Cui thought for a while and said, " Did you take all these photos? No? It says June 16th, isn't that your uncle Zhou's birthday? We're going to his house for our birthday. Where did you get to take pictures?”

"Just the truth is restored. Who did you shoot it?”

 Cui read the comment below: " The police identity was 'human flesh'... Jinghai City Public Security Bureau An Xin?”

Meng Yu was surprised, also saw the comments, quickly magnified the picture, which saw the outline of An Xin.

Aunt Cui urgent way: " Oh, you this is not to An Xin to harm? For several years, just come back to make trouble!”

"How did I know it was him? Now that he really did that, how could he say that I hurt him?”

At this time, Meng Yu's mobile phone rang, she confidently picked up the phone: " Hello, hello, which one is it?”

"It's me, Anxin.”

"Officer Ann, what's wrong?”

"Haven't seen you for a long time. Come out and sit down?”

"Today... no, an appointment.”

"What about tomorrow?"An Xin asked.

"There are arrangements, too.”

 Anxin was silent for a while and asked, " When are you free?”

"Well... I don't know. I'm busy, look back."With that, Meng Yu hurriedly hung up the phone.

Outside the public security bureau, brothers Li Hongwei, Zhang Daqing and Zhang Xiaoqing led a gang of villagers from Mang Village, holding up the portraits of Li Qing and his son, holding banners and Shouting slogans.

 Li Hongwei shouted: " Clear up the underworld, arrest Gao Qiqiang, thoroughly investigate the umbrella!”

 The crowd blocked the surrounding road, TV reporters are filming.

In the office of the chairman of the Jinghai Construction Engineering Group, the tea case was overturned, and the teapots and tea bowls broke all over the ground. Cheng Cheng picked up, picking up the debris on the ground. Gao Qiqiang looked at the eyes of the angry Thai uncle, some at a loss.

Tai uncle angry roar: " you see, outside all how to say you? Say you are triad leader, our construction group is thief nest! I don't have time for you. I have to control public opinion. You hand over, give the project to the process in advance.”

Cheng Cheng held another cup of tea to Gao Qiqiang: " Manager Gao, please teach me more in the business.”

In the office of the public security bureau chief, An Xin stared at Guo Wenjie, inconceivable asked: " remove my post?”

"Just let you temporarily removed from the head of the task force. Take yourself away from the wind, but also to protect you.”

 Anxin said deeply, " That... who is the group leader?”

"Li Xiang, he is from Mang Village. Send him here to calm down the social mood."Guo Wenjie said.

"Aren't you equal to being bound by public opinion?”

Guo Wenjie a stare: " abide by the rules, know the advance and retreat, no problem. Besides, you also have new tasks, which is very important.”

Ann was skeptical: " What task?”

 Guo Wenjie coughed gently: " You go to see the reporter Meng Yu, untie the misunderstanding, as soon as possible to eliminate the social impact. Don't think it is a small matter, the trust of the masses are lost, how to carry out the work?”

An Xin looked vacant and helpless.
------------

 Chapter VII: Reasonable Reasons

 The village of the village of the city, Lao Mo for Gao Qiqiang impatient, but do not want Gao Qiqiang just calmly tell the old Mo calm, then sent Lao Mo and Gao Qisheng together to the field stock.

On the other side, Li Hongwei will also be Zhang Daqing, Zhang Xiaoqing these two people who encouraged Li Qing to the dock, let them go out to hide.

Li Hongwei returned home, Li Youtian is in the house grinding."And sent the brothers away?”

"Well.”

Li Youtian thought about it and asked: " the van?”

"It's been handled early.”

Li Youtian rubbed his hands: " That is good! The police can't hold on to us for anything anymore. Now Gao Qiqiang is an ant on a hot pot, and he can not jump for a few days! The female reporter from Beijing really works! You surf the Internet every day ah, just do such a thing right.”

"I came from Beijing, but of course they know how to write it effectively.”

"Journalists have a dog's nose, and they can smell it sooner or later. Do you think, if she had known something deeper, would she have written something bad for us?”

Li Hongwei sneered: " Don't worry, people don't want to stay in this broken place, even I don't want to.”

"without conscience. You're not from Mang Village?”

 Li Hongwei stood up."The land was sold. I was the first to move away and stayed in the village for a day.”

Fishing boats drift alone on the sea. Zhang Daqing and Zhang Xiaoqing were huddled in the cabin.

Zhang Xiaoqing asked, " Can we come back from this walk?”

Zhang Daqing smiled and said, " Of course yes!”

"When do you think it is?”

 Zhang Daqing's eyes are bright: " Tomorrow morning!”

Zhang Xiaoqing leng.

 Zhang Daqing said, " When we arrive tonight, we'll go back tomorrow morning. Li Hongwei first coax us to contribute, encounter things and put us when the garbage to skim out, not so cheap!”

Li Xiang stood in front of Cao Chuang's tombstone, gently wiped the floating soil and fallen leaves from the tombstone, and lit a cigarette in front of the tombstone.

"Master, this may be the last time I came to see you. All the years, I have regretted why not telling the truth. I said to An Xin for the master of your reputation, but in fact because I am afraid, afraid to fight Zhao Lidong, afraid of losing everything! But I can't get on, the more I get, the more guilty I feel, I even want to die in Anxin's hand, maybe I can feel better. Today, you will show me a way."Li Xiang took out a coin from his pocket." If it is positive, I will turn myself in, even if I cannot change anything! If it is the opposite, I will continue to be a policeman, in my own way!”

 Li Xiang threw the coin high, circled in the air and landed on the ground. Li Xiang glanced at the color, took a deep breath, and bowed to Cao Chuang's tombstone.

 In the office of the city bureau criminal police, Li Xiang and An Xin in the exchange of the case, at this time, they have noticed that Meng Yu's photos are likely to be the people provided to her, and can think of and do these, I am afraid only Li Youtian father and son. Now, the village camera hard disk has not been found, they infer that the hard disk is likely to be hidden in Li Youtian home, but in the absence of evidence and procedures, want to enter Li Youtian home search is impossible.

This morning, Meng Yu was father Meng Dehai from the bed, hard to climb the mountain. The car stopped at the foot of the mountain, Meng Yu slept all the way, just woke up, played a big yawn.

Meng Dehai held the phone and said, " Suddenly something happened in the district. I have to make a call. You go up first, finished find you.”

Meng Yu leisurely closed her eyes: " That is just right, I will sleep again.”

"What, do you want to listen on again? I me your bad habit. Quick, hurry up!”

Meng Yu sighed helplessly and got off the car.

Meng Dehai said, " The mountainside pavilion is waiting for me.”

Meng Yu carried her back and waved her hand: " I know!”

At the pavilion on the mountainside, a familiar figure saw Meng Yu and waved to her: " Meng Yu!”

Meng Yu stared at An Xin, and suddenly felt guilty: " How are you here?”

Anxin smiled and said, " Can I see you without this method?”

Meng Yuyi said: " If you withdraw the report, no talk.”

"You didn't take the photos in the report yourself, did you? You aren't there that day either.”

"I just reported it truthfully!”

"You aren't even there? Don't journalists pay attention to comprehensive, objective and true news reports?”

Meng Yu was silent. Anxin looked at the mountain and said, " The hostages were kidnapped, but the villagers blocked the way to the village. There was no way before we mobilized the armed police. Those photos are very one-sided. And even if you know all the course of the day, it is only the tip of the iceberg of the whole thing, Li Qing's case is very complicated, you don't be blinded by those superficial things.”

Meng Yu a frown: " that how do I know what you say is true?”

An Xin smiled: " Although I am just an ordinary Interpol, but in Jinghai for so many years, those gray area things have seen a lot, the surface is not necessarily true. I know that there are many investigative journalists in your industry, who secretly investigate, investigate and restore the truth. I admire them very much, because the undercover investigation is very dangerous, and it has to pay a lot of price to find out the truth. I don't want you to take risks, but because the news media has the right to supervise by public opinion, we should use this right more carefully, isn't it?”

Meng Yu felt guilty: " But that report has already caused so much impact... or otherwise, will I write another report to clarify it?”

"The only way to eliminate the impact now is to find out the truth behind the whole case. Can you tell me who gave you these photos?”

Meng Yu thought about it, and said, " Li Hongwei.”

"We suspect that important case clues are hidden in his home, but there is no right reason to search them.”

 Meng Yu thought about it, took out her phone out of her pocket and turned out a photo."Do you think this is a reason?”

 Anxin took over the mobile phone, and her eyes lit up.

Yang Jian, head of the anti-drug detachment, is five or six years older than Anxin, but because of long-term high-pressure work, his appearance looks old. At this time in Yang Jian's car, Meng Yu is holding his mobile phone, in the signal to Yang Jian screen.

"The light is too dark, but it is really like the new drugs we are pursuing now. Where did you get it from you?”

Meng Yu said, " Li Hongwei also sent it to me from the Internet. In addition to sending me some things about the village, he always boasted to me about how rich he is, how powerful he is, and that he can get a lot of drugs.”

"This batch of colored Magu has just appeared recently and is mainly popular among young people. Although the purity is not so good, the price is not cheap.”

Anxin asked expectantly, " Do you catch it?”

Yang Jian nodded: " Catch ah, why not catch? I'm worried that I can't finish it this quarter.”

Meng Yu excitedly said: " Good, I will be the inside line, so there is reason to search Li Hongwei's home!”

 Yang Jian looked at Meng Yu and asked, " You don't matter?”

Meng Yu nodded.

Anxin shook his head. " No, it's too dangerous.”

"I mean, I have to finish my story. And he'll relax his guard only when I approach him.”

 Ann frowned, thought, and said, " All right. But you must make sure that you are safe, and we will secretly protect you.”

Ms.Anxin is still worried."I'll teach you another trick."Said took out a coin," these people gather together to take drugs, the main picture is an atmosphere. You have to be involved in this game, you have to learn this."The coin turned between Anxin's fingers, and" suddenly " disappeared. When it appeared again, the one-yuan coin became fifty.

Meng Yu smiled and said, " Fun!”

Anxin said seriously, " If they force you to eat, you will fool them with this hand.”

 Yang Jian smiled and said, " Well, you know a lot, we have learned all the moves.”

 Anxin smiled and handed the two coins to Meng Yu. Meng Yu learned it carefully.

 The light in the bar is dim and blurred, Meng Yu and Li Hongwei sit in the booth, and there are a few followers behind his buttocks every day. The bartender from the pocket took out two small bags of plastic bags, quietly handed to Li Hongwei.

Li Hongwei quietly, the Gu to a few younger brothers, and then tried to ask Meng Yu.

"Have you ever played?”

 Meng Yu a curled mouth: " do you think I have never seen? I know this thing better than you!"A hand outstretched out," show me!”

Meng Yu took the plastic bag from Li Hongwei and looked carefully at the light. The pills in the bag were colorful and very charming.

 Li Hongwei poured out a green Magu from the bag and handed it to Meng Yu."Here's one?”

Everyone's eyes are focused on Meng Yu. Meng Yu calmly pushed away Li Hongwei's hand.

"I like the red ones.”

 Meng Yu picked a red pill, a hand, replaced by multi-enzyme tablets, skilled, who did not see the difference. She delivers the multienzyme tablets with wine. There was a round of applause in the booth. Meng Yu took advantage of everyone is not paying attention, quietly put magu into the pocket.

 Anxin sat in the passenger seat, playing with a red multi-enzyme tablet, staring motionless at the direction of the bar.

Yang Jian had just learned that Meng Yu was the daughter of Meng Dehai, the party secretary of Qinghua District, and his face turned white.

"You're bold enough to let her out!”

Anxin shook her head: " has to this, the other side does not hook she will not withdraw.”

Just then, An Xin's message prompted the stereo, and he immediately sat up straight."Delivery!”

Yang Jian picked up the walkie-talkie: " Act immediately! Don't let go of the one who has just had contact with the target!”

Inside the bar, the music stopped dead, and plainclothes police officers stood up from the booth."police! Squat down! Hold your head in your hand!”

 Li Hongwei saw the situation is wrong, to grasp the pills on the table, Yang Jian's handcuffs have been handcuffed to his hand."Take it back!”

 Plainclothes police went up to handcuff the people in the booth.

 Meng Yu was handcuffed clip pain, slightly frowned.

Outside the bar, as soon as the police car started, Anxin found the key from Yang Fitness and uncuffed Meng Yu.

An Xin saw the scar on Meng Yu's wrist, and said angrily to Yang Jian, " There have such a heavy hand!”

Yang Jian said: " The situation is urgent, the full set of play, sorry, sister.”

 Meng Yu said dissatisfied: " Just you fierce, scared I almost play.”

Yang Jian blushed: " play a full set, this is also to protect you. Or, you also handcuff me out of anger!"He stretched out his hands.

 Meng Yu smiled: " To tease you! The police should do this, the men are most attractive when they focus on their work!”

Yang Jian was held with grinning.
------------

 Chapter 8: He wants to run!

Late at night, Li Youtian's home, Li Xiang with several police officers in the house.

Li Youtian, wearing a vest, had just got out of bed, frightened and scared."Captain Li ah, deep in the middle of the night, this is this how?”

Li Xiang pretended to frown and said, " I don't know the specific situation. The order given to me is to ask me to search Li Hongwei's residence.”

"Can't flip around! The grand is not there, will you wait for him to come back?”

Li Xiang deliberately whispered: " Uncle, Hongwei is already in the public security bureau.”

Li Youtian asked nervously, " What happened did he do?”

"The anti-drug detachment caught, the specific is not clear, we are here to cooperate with the investigation.”

"That... then there is always a privacy right or something, right?”

"Uncle, we say, would you rather let me search, or would rather another outsider?”

Li Youtian hesitated for a long time, and had to bite his teeth and stamp his feet.

 Li Xiang waved, and shouted, " Search! Can hide things of the place all open, the computer, hard disk are taken away!”

Li Youtian watched the police dig three feet like a search, soon realized that Li Xiang did not protect him.

"Captain Li, you are not lighter than outsiders?”

 Li Xiang smiled with a wry smile, " This is my job.”

In the corridor of the city's public security bureau, Yang Jian leaned against the wall and ate the breakfast from Anxin, frustrated because the drugs sold in the bar were fake. The bartender confessed, see Li Hongwei they are bumpkin, want to cheat some money. The drug test report also confirmed that —— is no meth in the drug, just starch and pigment.

Yang Jian sighed: " toss about for a long time, it has nothing to do with us, this month the task is still not complete.”

An Xin said: " You want to think so, the task is not finished, you do a good drug work, less drugs.”

Yang Jian nodded: " I love to hear what you say. There are fewer drug users, but it is also true that this colored Magu is spreading quietly. What's your news? Don't forget to tell me.”

"set one's mind at rest. But you don't rush to close the case, no matter who asked to drag, give me some time.”

 Yang Jian frowned: " Why, are you afraid of someone to say hello?”

Anxin was silent.

Yang Jian took An Xin quickly to the interrogation room."There is time on the interrogation record and the inspection report. If the leader asks, I can't wait too long. You have to get your desired confession as soon as possible.”

"Li Hongwei still doesn't know that he bought fake drugs, right?”

"hear nothing of.”

"Then it's easy. Later, you will follow me.”

 With that, they pushed the door and went in.

In the interrogation room, Li Hongwei stayed up all night, with his eyes blue and yawning. Seeing Anxin came in, but happy.

"Officer Ann!umbrella! How does it feel like to be famous?”

Anxin said, " You should tell your drug trafficking.”

"traffic in narcoties?”

Anxin pretended to look through the confession."The bartender confessed that you asked him to do drugs, and after you, you distribute them.”

Li Hongwei urgently way: " fart! I ate it all by myself!”

Yang Jian said, " You eat it all by yourself? Not given to anyone else?”

Li Hongwei hesitated for a moment and said: " Yes, but I confiscate the money.”

Anxin shook his head. " But someone testified that you received the money. Far do not say, say last night this wine bureau, but you but with everyone have received money.”

Li Hongwei anxious excuse way: " that... that is our drinking money, men 300, girls free, the old rules of wine field, do not believe you to inquire about, all so play.”

Anxin said: " This is not easy to explain, you say it is the wine money, but they all say it is the money to buy medicine with you. They are so many people. Who do you think we believe in?"Looking sideways at Yang Jian," How many years will this matter take?”

Yang Jian said: " Look at the value of the case. The bartender is carrying a large amount of drugs...? According to the bartender confessed, you are his boss, how much he takes, all calculate your head.”

Li Hongwei, said urgently: " He is planted and framed!”

 Yang Jian said: " If the witness and material evidence form a closed loop of the evidence chain, even if you do not admit it, you can directly judge. I go to make up for a sleep, for big xu in, you then ask.”

 Yang Jian got up and winked at Anxin, and went out of the door. Li Hongwei obviously panicked, the head began to sweat.

Anxin deliberately delayed, stood up and moved her body.

"Officer Ann, they really framed me, you adults do not count villains, but to observe ah!”

"It's not worth telling me unless.... you there any other case? Explain to have the meritorious service performance. The bartender does you, you do others.”

"I... I have nothing to say.”

"Did anyone help Li Qing in the kidnapping?”

Li Hongwei is alert: " Where do I know.”

 Ann said, " One, a chance. Your computer ah, hard disk ah have moved to the public security bureau, they are watching one by one. If you find the surveillance video, you won't use you.”

Two members of the drug squad come in and change with Anxin. An Xin got up and pretended to go out.

Li Hongwei shouted, " Wait a minute! If Li Qing kidnapping case involved me, will it add a sin?”

"That depends on the details, but anyway, it's better than being guilty of drug trafficking?”

 Li Hongwei lowered his head."I say......"

 In Li Youtian's home, Li Xiang suddenly found that a brick cement on the wall was newly painted, so he asked someone to tear it down quickly. Li Youtian watched the police from the crack of the wall, completely decadent.

In the information section, the missing surveillance video appeared on the screen: Zhang Daqing, Zhang Xiaoqing brothers got off the car, then, Li Qing holding Xiaochen got off. The two men pushed Li Qing into the village and drove away back to the car.

An Xin said: " According to Li Hongwei, Zhang Daqing and Zhang Xiaoqing usually have a good relationship with Li Qing. After Li Shun's accident, Li Qing shouted for revenge every day. The day before the crime, Zhang Daqing asked Li Hongwei for the key to the village committee's van and said he would enter the city. The next day it happened. After the incident, Li Hongwei claimed to be afraid of being implicated, so he sold the car to the old car trading market.”

Guo Wenjie asked, " What about Zhang Daqing and Zhang Xiaoqing?”

Li Xiang replied: " The day after Li Youtian confessed to the kidnapping, Zhang Daqing and Zhang Xiaoqing borrowed money from the village committee, saying that they would go to other places to study the management of the resort. They left the same day and their whereabouts are unknown.”

Guo Wenjie "hum" a sound: " this father and son two push is pour clean.”

An Xin continued: " It is understood that the brothers Zhang Daqing and Zhang Xiaoqing have not traveled far before, so we analyzed that they should not run too far. Director, send a notice.”

Guo Wenjie nodded: " Good.”

The roadblock stopped the other lanes, leaving only one lane, and the road became crowded. A few overload of the traffic police standing at the checkpoint, car release, cart all roadside stop, accept inspection. A heavy truck slowly stopped, the driver jumped down from the cab, felt out the cigarette, a smile to the traffic police: " hard hard, and check overload?”

Traffic police pushed open the cigarette: " driving license, driving license to show once.”

The driver close to the traffic police: " accommodation, I am the car of the construction group.”

 Traffic police ignore: " you this serious overload, pull of what? Open and have a look.”

 The driver saw the traffic police oil and salt into, had to think unlucky, open the bucket of the tarpaulin.

 The traffic police climbed into the car, their eyes suddenly turned straight."Catch him... Catch him!"The traffic police shouted.

The driver was knocked down by several traffic police and pressed to the ground.

 The traffic police jumped down from the car, sprained, shouted: " Quick, the police!”

 Behind the neat goods lying a body, it is Zhang Xiaoqing.

Public security bureau forensic room, Zhang Xiaoqing lying on the autopsy platform, the face has disappeared blood. Guo Wenjie with An Xin and Li Xiang stood next to the body.

 An Xin looked carefully, said: " The neck strangled mark, the intersection point behind the neck, besides, there is no obvious trauma on the body surface, the preliminary judgment of the cause of death is mechanical asphyxia. The corpse eases, but it has not yet become corpse green, and the death time is between 12 hours and 24 hours.”

"This is the theoretical time, and given the hot weather now, the time to death should be even shorter."Li Xiang said.

Guo Wenjie nodded: " If the body is refrigerated after death, it will be even longer. Well, you have grown up a lot, the old criminal investigation.”

An Xin thought about it and said: " The vehicle where the body was found is the transport vehicle of Jinghai Construction Engineering Group, so Gao Qiqiang is the biggest suspect. He has the ability and motivation to commit the crime.”

Guo Wenjie said: " First, the implementation of secret monitoring of Gao Qiqiang. Zhang Daqing hasn't found it yet, but maybe he can get back a human life.”

 At this time, Lu Han hurried in and said: " Leader, Gao Qiqiang may have to run! Two hours ago, Gao booked a one-way abroad. By the time we found out he had already off. No other car in his name was moved, only the car came out, and his mobile phone was located on the car.”

 Lu Han's words did not fall, An Xin had rushed out.

Gao's luxury car has driven out of downtown on open suburban roads. At the intersection, saw several police cars blocking the road, the traffic police raised their hands to stop. However, Gao's car turned a corner and crashed into the opposite lane.

 A policeman shouted at the walkie-talkie: " Gao Qiqiang forced the card!”

Coastal road, the waves clap the shore. On the circular coastal road, luxury cars are driving fast ahead, and several police cars have caught up. Gao Ziqiang looked at the police car in the rearview mirror without caring.

Li Xiang shouted with the loudspeaker: " The car in front of it stops immediately!”

 An Xin, who was in the same car with Lu Han, learned of the situation, and told him, " Gao Qiqiang I know is not like this. He must have a purpose. Contact the airport police station to check the flight information.”

Gao's car was forced off the road by the police car, turned left and right, and drove onto a deserted beach. The car was racing on the beach, splashing heavily. The superior performance of the luxury cars was blocked, and the police cars finally surrounded the luxury cars.

 Li Xiang led the team down from the car, carrying a gun, surrounded Gao Qiqiang."The people in the car raise their hands and come out!”

Gao Qiqiang lifted his hands out of the car.

Anxin's car has also arrived. He jumped out of the car and walked up to Gao Qiqiang."What do you want?”

Gao qiqiang smiled, " The plane is almost missing. I am a little worried.”

"Less silly. Do you know how much trouble you got into yourself?”

Gao Qiqiang said with a wry smile: " The trouble has found me, I can not run the same, at least the wife and children away, I can feel at ease. I promised my son to send him to Disneyland during the summer vacation.”
------------

Chapter 9 Another dumpling

In the interrogation room, Gao Qiqiang looked at Anxin and Lu Han in front of him and smiled: " I knew it would be your trial.”

Anxin nodded, " I often dream about this scene.”

Gao Qiqiang sneered: " You can only enjoy it in your dream.”

 Anxin said, " Isn't that that happen?”

"No, you're not awake in your dream, and you can enjoy it a little longer."Gao Qi, strong said with a smile.

"It's the one you need to wake up."Said, An Xin got up and put Gao Xiaochen's buckle in front of Gao Qiqiang.

The smile on Gao Ziqiang's face disappeared, and his face was very scary."Where are they?”

 Anxin pointed to the side: " You are next door.”

Gao stood up, but the handcuffs were tied to the table, and he had to bend over and his forehead burst.

"We sent the identity information of Chen Shuting and Gao Xiaochen to the airport police station, and stopped them a moment before boarding the plane. Reckless impulse is not your style, even if you run away, you can only be for your family.”

Gao Qiqiang said, " You let them go, I will play with you!”

Anxin shook his head: " When they are in, you will cooperate.”

"impossible. I will not admit anything but dangerous driving!”

Anxin looked at Gao Qiqiang, remained silent for a while, and said: " Did you kill those who were involved in the kidnapping of Gao Xiaochen?”

"Didn't you beat people to death?”

"I'm not talking about Li Qing!”

"And someone else?”

"Are you stupid?”

"I really don't know about that.”

"Let's get through the timeline. Three days ago, your brother Gao Qisheng left Jinghai. Where is it?”

"Go to the stock. He is a businessman, and it is normal to travel everywhere.”

"Today you have arranged for your whole family to go abroad in such a hurry.”

"Not in a hurry. My child went abroad for the summer vacation. We have promised him for a long time.”

"At 7 o'clock this morning, a body was found at the exit of Qingshan Road. The truck and the driver transporting the body were affiliated to the Jinghai Construction Engineering Group.”

"There are so many people in the construction group, why only doubt me?”

Anxin suddenly pointed to Gao Qi powerful voice: " Because you have a motive! We have found conclusive evidence that there are two other people involved in the kidnapping together with Li Qing. And the body is just one of them.”

Gao Qiqiang leaned back, spread out his body, looking very casual."If he has kidnapped my son, of course I want him to die! But I had no idea that there was anyone else besides Li Qing. But whoever killed the man involved in kidnapping my son, I have to thank him.”

Anxin frowned: " It seems that you are not going to cooperate?”

"I've been cooperating.”

Anxin stood up and said, " If you don't say anything, I have to ask Gao Xiaochen.”

Gao Qiqiang changed his face: " He is still a child, what do you want to do?”

An Xin said: " I want to tell the child, do not lie from childhood, or grow up on the evil road is not saved.”

Gao Ziqiang pounded on the table: " You dare!”

 Anxin said softly, " You caused it.”

Anxin took the landing of Han back to the office area.

 Lu Han tentatively asked: " Ann brother, really want to judge Gao Xiaochen?”

Anxin looked at him and said silent. Lu Han was guilty.

Lu Han thought about it and said: " Otherwise, scare his mother got?”

An Xin shook her head: " You are too little reading Chen Shuting. She is no better place to deal with than Gao Qiqiang. And Gao Xiaochen is estimated to have been trained by them, it is difficult to ask the truth.”

 As they were talking, Jiang came over, holding a parcel in his hand."Angel brother, your mail.”

 Anxin took it over, feeling light. Tear it open, inside is the disc in the envelope.

The optical disc is placed into the optical drive. The computer screen displays the disc to start. Suddenly, a familiar voice emerged.

"Son, dad asked you, how many people have kidnapped you?”

"I can't remember it clearly. They took a net button on me and put a towel over my face, so I didn't remember anything.”

Everyone was taken aback. An Xin quickly picked up the mouse and turned the sound to the maximum.

"Well, remember dad's words, only one person has kidnapped you. Wait for a while to the public security bureau and the police uncle said so.”

The audio came to an abrupt end here. The police at the other stations came in. Anxin played the recording again."It is the voice of Gao Qiqiang and Gao Xiaochen.”

Jiang Chao picked up the torn mail package and looked at it."No mailing address.”

Lu Han said: " This evidence is also too timely, is trying to kill Gao Qiqiang ah!”

 Anxin frowned: " It seems that Gao Qiqiang is anxious to send his wife and son abroad, hiding is not us.”

Gao qiqiang's driver, Lu Tao, stood in the first floor hall of the Construction Group, holding a large paper box, waiting for someone.

Cheng Cheng came out of the elevator and was startled to see him."How did you come here?"Cheng Cheng stared at the camera in the entrance hall, low voice way," broad day you don't call to come over, looking for death!”

Lu Tao looked around and said, " My cousin, Gao Qiqiang's family was arrested by the public security bureau. No one paid attention to me.”

 Cheng Cheng held back and took the box in Lu Tao's hand."Gao Qiqiang was caught in, but his claws are still there. Now is the most dangerous time, if you want to protect yourself, just listen to your cousin. This is the last time!”

 Lu Tao was cheng Cheng's eyes to see hair hair, quickly nodded. Cheng Cheng then turned around and went upstairs.

In the office of the chairman of Jinghai Construction Engineering Group, Cheng Cheng is washing cups and making tea, with elegant and skilled techniques.

Uncle Tai smiled: " or you have a way, than we read more than ten years. After the violent beating people should be eliminated, is the world of your readers.”

 Cheng Cheng made a cup of tea and handed it to Uncle Tai: " Thank the chairman for giving me the opportunity.”

The door was knocked and Cheng opened it. Li Youtian smiled and stood bent over at the door.

Cheng Cheng said: " Chairman, the party secretary has arrived.”

Uncle Tai stood up symbolically. Li Youtian took two steps, confidently holding Uncle uncle's hand, humble almost kneel down."Chairman, I only saw you on TV before, but today I finally saw a real person! I can't believe it is true!”

Uncle Tai waved his hand: " Ah, at my age, I should have retired early. If it wasn't for the youth and the trouble, I wouldn't have to come out to recover.”

 Cheng Cheng said: " The chairman met with the old party secretary directly, what is it hard to talk about?”

In the interrogation room, Gao Qiqiang ate dumplings in handcuffs. Without chopsticks, he held them with his hand, eating one by one, eating very fragrant.

Anxin and Lu Han sat opposite and looked at him."Are the dumplings of the public security bureau particularly fragrant?”

Gao Qiqiang said: " or the New Year's Eve dumplings are the most delicious."And belched," it's delicious, but I came out desperately not to eat prison food.”

Anxin said, " I'm pretty nostalgic. We have solid evidence that you knew that Li Qing was not the only one who kidnapped your son, but also taught him to lie.”

 Gao Ziqiang's eyes changed, suddenly lifted the lunch box to the ground, and shouted: " Anxin! Did you move my son?!”

Instead of speaking up, Anxin looked at him calmly.

Two people looked at each other for a moment, Gao Qiqiang relaxed again."You cheat me! You're a good person. You don't bully women or kids.”

"You're only guessing a half-way right. We didn't embarrass your wife and son, but we did get the evidence.”

Gao Ziqiang observed Anxin's expression, judged that he was telling the truth, and sighed deeply."It seems that the people who framed me really done a lot to finish the work for your police.”

Anxin asked, " Can you tell the truth now?”

"I know someone helped Li Qing in the kidnapping, but I don't know who, let alone killed them.”

"You still act with me?”

"You don't have to follow me. I'm telling the truth. I sent someone to the village to inquire, broke some fingers and broke the bridge of my nose, but asked nothing.”

"We have not no reports.”

"They must have put it down. These little things are nothing, they want me to have a bigger trouble.”

Anxin hesitated and said, " What, for example?”

 Gao Qiqiang thought about it and said, " Maybe the tool of killing people is in my house now.”

Gao Jia door hole open, An Xin led the task force is fully equipped, in the house everywhere search. Jiang Chao patrol to the window, found abnormal. The windows were pried open and damaged from the outside.

Anxin walked over and said, " To see if you can get my fingerprints or footprints.”

At the other end, Shi Wei carried a coarse hemp rope and handed it to Anxin."Brother, this is similar to the mark on the neck of the body. Could it be a murder weapon?”

 An Xin nodded, " Take it back for inspection.”

Gao Qiqiang was taken into the interrogation room. Anxin and Lu Han had an extra inspection report in front of them.

"We extracted the biological information of the dead from the suspected murder weapon we found in your home.”

Gao Ziqiang smiled and said, " Sure enough. Is I more suspected now?”

Anxin looked at Gao Qiqiang and asked, " Who do you think will frame you?”

"There are too many people in my place.”

Anxin tore off a piece of paper and put the pen at his desk. She said, " Write it down.”

 Gao Qiqiang did not want to write, pick the pen to write."I'll try to narrow you down. Find out someone who framed me, and you find the killer.”

 An Xin observed Gao Qiqiang, pondering whether his words are true or false.

 The remote wharf, ostensibly a fishing port, is more used for smuggling. Several fishermen were carrying boxes of cargo down from their fishing boats. The last box of goods in place, Lao Mo inventory after the goods a case to the truck.

Gao's phone rang and he turned and hid behind the car to answer it.

 After a while, the smuggling fishing boat had been driven away, and Lao Mo had only the last box left. He wiped the sweat on his head and just lifted the box. Gao Qisheng came back and said with a dignified face, " My brother was caught by the public security.”

"MAO!"—— The box hit the ground, fell out of the floor of the small PHS.

Old Mo shouted, " Go back!”

Gao Qisheng squatted down and picked up the little spirit to the box."You do what he told you well is to help him. Doing more is doing wrong.”

Old Mo crouched down to help him clean up together."You mean, the boss was caught?”

 Gao Qisheng thought about it and said, " At least he had already estimated it. Now he and his wife and children are in the public security bureau, you and I are in the field, are safe, my brother can open the hands and feet dry.”

Old Mo seems to understand. He suddenly found a cracked PHS showing colorful Magu pills.

Gao Qisheng grabbed it and threw it back into the box. He said, " Get on the bus.”
------------

 Chapter 10 No good without Gao Qiqiang

At night, a section of the construction street is surrounded by green protective nets, which have been dug up and stacked with unburied pipes and cables. The foreman raised his horn and shouted, " I'm off work! Off work!"The workers put down their work and went out gradually. A worker stopped as he passed by the foreman, looking somewhat worried.

"Head on, is it really not necessary to go to work tomorrow?”

The foreman frowned and said, " What words, didn't it clear to you?”

"I've made it clear. I'm just confused. What is such a good thing?”

 The foreman held up his horn and shouted, " I will say again, tomorrow will not work, the wages will be sent. Who comes to work, no money, leg broken! Have you heard it?”

Inside the warehouse of the construction group, the warehouse door is wide open, and a group of gangsters full of flower arm tattoos come in. The security guard looked at this posture, scared not to stop.

 The leading hand waved: " All move!”

Blends immediately dispersed, building materials cable to move outside.

The security guard urgent eye, hard scalp forward block: " you want to do?”

Lead the smile way: " pick up the goods!”

The security guard said hesitantly: " No notice, your bill of lading?”

 The leader looked at the security guard and waved to his men: " Bill of lading, show him!”

 Two mixed up, the security guard pressed on the ground, a fierce kick. Cameras in all corners of the warehouse were smashed by steel pipes. Others turned a blind eye and moved out as usual.

In the room, three middle-aged men, with big belly and loose suits, are the style of corporate executives. The wine was already in the second half, and they were singing with their arms around the girl.

A bald man pushed the door and came in, followed by seven or eight strong tattooes."Dear bosses, bother me. Please come with us.”

 The middle-aged man with the microphone drove them out with the strength of the wine: " Who are you? Do you know who we are?”

 The bald man picked up the bottle on the table and hit the middle-aged man's face, the bottle shattered. Middle-aged man, screaming, a face of blood.

Everyone present was shocked.

Bald said: "of course I know, you —— construction group of Xiao," and pointed to the other two on the sofa: " there are Du, Wang, please is you!”

In the office of the chairman of Jinghai Construction Engineering Group, Cheng Cheng pushed the door gently and said anxiously, " This morning, the seven construction sites under the group stopped work, and no worker went to work. Also, all the optical cables in the warehouse are gone, and the security guards are missing.”

Uncle Tai said: " the workers are not easy to do, again recruit is, but the material is not really trouble. Who did it?”

Without thinking, Cheng Cheng said, " Family thief.”

Uncle Tai said anxiously, " Solve the problem first. If the cable is really Gao Qiqiang robbed, soon don't want to take back, quickly let Lao Xiao to buy a batch. This project is a key project of the government and cannot be delayed.”

Cheng Cheng stood no move: " Xiao did not come to work today, the group three middle-level leaders did not come today. The phones are all turned off. I just want to ask you, do you want to call the police?”

 Uncle Tai thought about it and shook his head firmly: " Lao Xiao and they know a lot of things in the company. If they are in Gao Qiqiang's hands, they can not easily move the police.”

In the public security bureau, Li Xiang came to the door of the detention room where Gao was held and raised the handwritten list.

"All you write above is the department head of Jinghai Construction Engineering Group. You just want to use the hands of the police to clear the opponents.”

 Gao Qiqiang shook his head: " Accurately said for the people! They don't want to kill me to fight me. Isn't it worth it?"With that, he looked at Li Xiang's eyes, nodded and continued," Good, I admit, we win-win, ok?”

Li Xiang's patience reached his limit. He angrily opened the door of the detention room and dragged Gao out, dragging him into the office. The police at office were startled. Li Xiang will be Gao Qiqiang cut double handcuffs on the radiator. The position of the handcuffs is very exquisite, standing to bend the knees, squat to tiptoe, behind the iron pieces hurt people uncomfortable, how uncomfortable.

Li Xiang said, " Think about your problem. I can't stay here.”

Gao Qiqiang sneer: " the captain, also this little skill.”

 Li Xiang turned his head: " Oh right, your wife and children nothing matter, later they will sign a word can go.”

Gao Qiqiang's face has changed.

"Can't you make it up? Think about how to explain this to your child.”

"Captain Li, don't go too far! Ann xin! Ann xin! You let him do that to me?”

An Xin heard the sound and ran into the office area, and Li Xiang pushed him out.

 Gao Ziqiang shouted in vain: " Anxin!”

Beside the courtyard of the Municipal Public Security Bureau, Li Xiang frowned and smoked a cigarette hard.

 Anxin said, " You smoke more and more like a master.”

 Words exit, An Xin will regret —— Cao Chuang is still their words of the forbidden area.

Li Xiang did not respond.

Anxin said again, " Is it necessary? The clues were all pointed to him, but I didn't believe he was the killer. Is it really a man who would hide the body in his car and put the weapon in his home?”

"Have you ever thought that he is using your psychology to create the illusion of being framed.”

Anxin shook his head. " It's not good for him to play this kind of psychological warfare. At the very least, even if he is the murderer, he has fallen in our hands, the trial is right, handcuff him can only increase the resistance.”

Li Xiang pinched off the cigarette in his hand and said, " I don't bother to mind his emotions. Civilization is reserved for civilized people, and it is barbaric for wild beasts.”

Anxin took out a copy of the list and said: " The list he gave is not completely unreasonable. According to the heavy truck driver, his car was loaded one day in advance and left the warehouse the next day. It was very easy to handle the goods that night, especially the management within the group.”

Li Xiang calmed down a little bit and asked, " Did you start to check? Whose suspicion is big?”

 An Xin sank down: " Chen Tai's assistant, Cheng Cheng.”

In the workers' dormitory, an 80-square-meter house was cut into tofu, with the smoke and nothing to do playing cards. Cheng Cheng allowed the foreman to start work with double wages.

 The foreman smiled bitterly, " I offended you, I lost a job. Offned him......"

The foreman didn't stop talking, but it was very clear.

 As soon as Cheng Cheng returned to the car, he called angrily: " Immediately find a construction team! Jinghai can not find, go to the field to find! Municipal optical cable must start work tomorrow!”

City bureau criminal police team, Gao Qiqiang was still handcuffed on the radiator, twisted. He felt like being stripped under the public.

 An Xin came in and said to Jiang Chao, " Go and take Chen Shuting and Gao Xiaochen to sign it.”

Jiang Chao went away immediately. Anxin took out the key and opened Gao Qiqiang's handcuffs.

 Zhang Biao came over to stop: " he hasn't explained the problem, you charge what good person!”

Anxin said expressionless, " I took him to the interrogation room and had something to ask."Said, picked up one of the clothes on his station, cover in Gao Qiqiang's hand.

 In a private room of a private club, Gong Kaijiang looked at Zhao Lidong's confidant secretary and said, " I had known that the project of Mang Village had the support of the city, can we not cooperate?”

Li Youtian respectfully sat in his seat, like an obedient daughter-in-law.

Secretary Wang said: " But there are many people to the leadership, you and Jinghai Construction Group Gao Qiqiang is an old friend. Did you know him when you worked in telecom?”

Gong Kaijiang waved his hand and said: " Business contact, no friends.”

Secretary Wang nodded: " It is not the best friend. The development of Qinghua District had just begun, and he made waves, and many leaders in the city had opinions on him. Now it's involved, it's probably nowhere. I can represent the leader today, that means that the leader or trust you. Director Gong, with some bad elements who destroy the development of the Beijing sea should draw a clear line, otherwise easy to be dragged into the water.”

 Li Youtian interjected: " This is all the children below, which must have nothing to do with Gong.”

 Gong Kaijiang heard the sweat all come down.

Secretary Wang saw that the beating was almost, drinking tea.

Li Youtian said, " Ask the waiter to serve the food?”

 Secretary Wang said, " There is another man.”

The door opened, and Li Xiang stood at the door.

In the meeting room of the city bureau, Guo Wenjie came to listen to the report of the task force. Hearing that Li Xiang was not there, he said angrily, " Anxin, the public opinion influence caused by the previous report has basically subsided, and the city has also made a positive affirmation of our work. You and Li Xiang are in charge of the work of the task force. Gao Qiqiang, my attitude can be checked, but must be vigilant, do not let the police become a tool for their infighting!”

Anxin nodded: " We will pay attention to the discretion.”

"How are you doing that?”

"According to the clues so far, the biggest suspect in Zhang Xiaoqing case is Cheng Cheng, assistant to the chairman of Jinghai Construction Engineering Group. After Gao Qiqiang was arrested, the Mangcun resort project resumed work, and the contractor became Jinghai Construction Group, the person in charge is Cheng Cheng.”

"Their cooperation is too fast a little bit, do not rule out the interest blending, only waiting for Gao Qiqiang to go to prison.”

"So it is very likely that Zhang Xiaoqing's death will also involve the participation of Li Youtian and his son.”

Club room wine after three rounds, Li Youtian's eyes red, with cuffs wipe tears.

Secretary Wang knowingly asked: " Party secretary, what happened?”

 Li Youtian said, " My family still have a little matter, said and afraid to add to captain Li unhappy.”

Li Xiang calm face, not yes or deny.

Secretary Wang said, " Captain Li, the son of the party secretary is still waiting with you? I heard that nothing had happened to him.”

Li Xiang said: " It has been qualitative. One is drug attempt, one is informed not to report, help the suspect destroy evidence.”

"None of the big deal. Education is on the line, let people go early."See Li Xiang did not speak, Secretary Wang frowned," very troublesome? Aren't the narcotics team and your criminal police team both in the same unit?”

"I'll try it.”

In the underground parking lot, Secretary Wang is a bit drunk, Li Xiang opened the door for him.

 Secretary Wang patted Li Xiang on the shoulder and said, " I will tell the leader what you did today. The police force has its own people, to do things smoothly."He took out a business card folder from his bag, opened it, found one out of hundreds of business cards, and handed it to Li Xiang," I heard that you don't have a car, go to their store to carry a car, don't worry about the price.”

On the construction street, the new construction team and the local residents are arguing with each other over the power outage. Meng stood by, capturing photos from all angles. Guo Wenjie, dressed in a police uniform, walked in from the crowd and saw the telephoto lens in Meng Yu's hand.

"Where are you running to where?”

Meng Yu said sheepishly, " I made a mistake in the last report and misled the public. You can rest assured, I must have a comprehensive understanding of this time, an objective report!”

Guo Wenjie nodded: " As long as we respect the facts and do not let others peep, we are willing to accept news supervision.”

Meng Yu smiled and said, " Of course! Public security bureau director personally came to the front line, to solve the construction dispute, is today's positive news!”

At this time, a bald man shouted: " No stop, rolling!”

 Someone in the workers suddenly shouted: " again how to bury you first!”

 Then, a helmet flew over to the bald face. The bald man scolded him and took the lead to the construction team.

Meng Yu's camera was squeezed out. Two groups of people call together.

Interpol captain's office, An Xin door also did not knock, directly broke in to ask: " how did you put Li Hongwei?”

Li Xiang did not look at An Xin and said, " Isn't his case so clear? Another first offender, education is on the line.”

"Zhang Xiaoqing, Zhang Daqing are his followers, one dead, one missing, can have nothing to do with him? Did someone greet you?”

Li Xiang temper also came up: " how who in your eyes are all corrupt elements? You refuse to accept to go to the discipline inspection commission to tell me!”

Two people are fighting, Jiang Chao panic ran in, said: " Li team, elder brother, director Guo was injured in hospital!”
------------

 Chapter 11, release the tiger back to the mountain

Guo Wenjie was lying in the hospital bed, with a bandage on his wrist. Meng Dehai sat on the sofa beside the bed, a face of guilt.

"I'm sorry, all because of Meng Yu.”

Guo Wenjie interrupted him, raised his arm, and said: " It is a little dislocation, hit a splint can go, they have not to let.”

Meng Dehai said: " you lie down, just take advantage of this opportunity to do the examination should do.”

 Guo wenjie said: " My body is fine, unlike you, and I smoke and drink.”

The door was pushed open, and An Xin and Li Xiang rushed in.

Anxin asked, " Director, are you all right?”

Li Xiang said anxiously: " Who did it? Grab them all!”

 Guo Wenjie said: " All have been caught. Right now, you cooperate with the police station to examine together. In my opinion, it is not just a simple construction dispute.”

The two men answered.

Guo Wenjie looked up: " hurriedly go, I and Lao Meng still have words.”

 Two people went to the door, Meng Dehai stopped Anxin: " Anxin, you go to the next door to see Meng Yu, she was also at the scene when the accident.”

In the ordinary ward, Meng Yu saw An Xin, a mouth curled, almost cried out, she loved her smashed camera and photos.

 An Xin thought and said: " Don't worry, I know a computer city buddy, he must have a way to fix it.”

Anxin picked up the broken camera on the table and left.

Meng Yu pulled his clothes like sajiao, said: " I am not happy, you coax coax on the line, repair what camera ah, you deserve to have no girlfriend.”

Anxin scratched her head awkwardly. " I... isn't you?”

Meng Yu smiled and said: " Bah, we have no play, you don't miss.”

An Xin a face vacant: " still angry? I thought we had made up.”

Meng Yu said: " There is no so cheap thing, these years of the account I want to slowly calculate with you.”

Anxin looked at her gently: " OK, count as long as you want to, as long as you are happy.”

Meng Yu smiled with satisfaction. She took the camera back from Anxin, and their hands accidentally touched together."Why are your hands so cold?"Anxin asked anxiously." What's going on?”

Meng Yu said, " Today, those people rushed over with shovels, and I was really scared silly. Guo once protect me, my mind was a blank, then what happened all do not remember. This is the first time I've ever seen this.”

"Don't be afraid. There are a lot of police on the scene. They will protect you.”

Meng Yu looked at Anxin and asked, " Do you often deal with such things?”

"As you said before, the police officer is a very dangerous job. I thought about it for a long time and thought it was not all right. If there is no stable social environment, everyone, every occupation will be very dangerous, no one is absolutely safe. What the police have to do is try to create a stable social environment. But the police alone is not enough.”

Meng Yu looked at An Xin, confident and assured of An Xin is Meng Yu most appreciated.

In the ward, Meng Dehai hesitated for a long time, or opened a mouth: " Guo, I want to ask you a person.”

Guo Wenjie asked: " Gao Qiqiang?”

Meng Dehai was surprised: " you guessed?”

Guo Wenjie sighed: " The longer the village and the construction group fight, the more adverse to the development of your Qinghua area.”

Meng Dehai said: " The highway planning has been approved, and the next demolition is the most troublesome. Li Youtian and the Wolf cubs behind me were staring at my budget in my pocket, and would not give up without a big bite.”

"Gao Qiqiang is not a good solution.”

Meng Dehai shook his head: " It is not a good way, also better than no way. You know, the secretary of Qinghua District, had been suspended by Zhao Lidong, and Gong Kaijiang was called to tea two days ago.”

Guo Wenjie said, " Although he is timid, he is loyal to you.”

Meng Dehai smiled: " Just because he is timid, just both sides dare not offend. This man is good at office work, but he has to rely on harder people to demolition.”

"Gao Qiqiang is not a fuel-saving lamp, you see this only a few days, the Jinghai city made a restless.”

"Different positions, but different ideas. Governance and public security on a word, in fact a thousand miles.”

Guo Wenjie nodded: " Yes, I tube the public security, can only divide a black and white.”

Meng Dehai thought for a while and said: " Well, I owe. To be honest, I have some selfishness, too. Since Xiao Yu wrote that Gao Qiqiang is the Jinghai underworld news, the website below is full of scold her, threaten her. I can't stand that ugly. But she never mentioned it to me. She carried it all by herself. When I heard that she was hurt this time, my legs were weak, for fear that something would happen for her.”

Guo Wenjie said: " Returning the tiger to the mountain is not the way. Only by putting the tiger in a cage is it really safe.”

Meng Dehai sighed: " Some sin, we can suffer, but can not see the children suffer.”

 Guo Wenjie thought about it and said, " I understand. In this way, after I leave the hospital, look on the specific situation.”

In the meeting room of the Municipal Public Security Bureau, Li Xiang reported the investigation results to Guo Wenjie and Meng Dehai.

"Except for a small number of instigated residents, all the leaders were people of social idleness, and even did not live nearby at all. He was obviously ordered to make trouble. Someone reflects, the bald son Zhang Xiaofeng that leads the trouble with Gao Qiqiang under the Tang Xiaohu, walk very close, often drink together. But from the construction of several disputes, only by Tang Xiaohu they can not have such a strong organizational ability.”

Meng Dehai listened very carefully."If that is true, then Gao Qiqiang really has some means.”

Guo Wenjie glanced at Meng Dehai: " To these vandals, should catch catch, clean up on the honest.”

 Li Xiangwei is not: " Now there is a more troublesome situation, the leader of the person claimed to be beaten by the police, making to fight a lawsuit.”

"talk nonsense! I was on the scene and there was no problem with the police action."Guo Wenjie said.

"But they have witnesses, a lot of them.”

Meng Dehai said: " Lao Guo, let's say something practical, the current public opinion environment is very unfavorable. When the police conflict with the masses, even if they play 50 boards, there will be many people think that this is the protection of the officials, only let the police admit mistakes can they be satisfied.”

Li Xiang continued: " I let them press the injury identification, want to ask you what to do later. Nothing more than want us to release Gao Qiqiang, help him in the construction group Liwei. Chen Shuting has submitted a bail pending trial, we have not agreed.”

 Guo Wenjie softened his tone and said, " I should do what we should do. The rules and regulations should not be taken away by public opinion.”

In the hall of the city public security bureau, An Xin was called out, and someone was waiting for him in the lobby, but it was Cheng Cheng.

Cheng Cheng reached out his hand and said, " Officer An, hello, I am the Cheng Cheng in charge of —— Jinghai Construction Group, the construction party here today.”

Anxin nodded, " I know you.”

"softly chant?”

"You are on our list of suspects.”

Cheng Cheng smiled apologetically: " I'm sorry, Officer An, we first met on such an occasion. But to you, I have long admired the name, that Gao Qiqiang's recording CD is I sent.”

"Why send a CD to me?”

"I have been reading books for 20 years and working for the Jinghai Construction Works for 10 years, with three years in prison for them. Studying hard work than a fish seller, I can't see him take a booming group into the gutter.”

Anxin said, " Is that your reason for eavesdropping on Gao Qiqiang? He got you a lot of projects and made a lot of money.”

"And then? Turn the company into a gangland gang? Many people are short-sighted animals, thinking that making money is enough, and the chairman used to rely on him. The period of savage growth should have passed, and I am more suitable for leading the construction engineering group than Gao Qiqiang.”

"I have no interest in your infighting. For your sake of twenty years to tell you a truth, it is not justice to punish crime.”

"I didn't commit crimes, but I just had to use some extraordinary tactics.”

"The means are defined by the law. I will not let Gao Qiqiang go, and I will also stare at you.”

Cheng Cheng smiled: " Even if we can't be comrades in arms, we can also be friends."And then he held out his hand again.

 Anxin looked at her hand and said, " I will not be an accomplice to your infighting.”

At the gate of the detention center, Gao Qiqiang came out, took a deep breath and enjoyed the sunshine. Chen Shuting and Gao Qisheng stood across the road, standing on the roadside with a row of well-dressed men, parked in a whole row of luxury cars. Gao Qiqiang came forward to hug his wife first.

"How is the home?”

Chen Shuting nodded: " They are all very good. I didn't expect they agreed to get you bail so soon.”

"It means they've found someone more suspected and haven't had time to control me lately.”

 Three people walked to the car, Tang Xiaohu stood beside the car, pull open the door for them.

"I heard that, and things were well done."Said Gao Qiqiang.

 Tang Xiaohu said: " They are all done according to the strong brother.”

 Gao Qiqiang got on the car, and the luxurious motorcade left.

Gao's driver is still Lu Tao, sitting behind Gao and his wife.

Gao Qisheng sat in the passenger seat, turned around and asked, " Brother, what will I do later?”

"They fight them if they want to, until they serve.”

Chen Shuting asked, " Who are you talking with?”

 Gao Qi Qiang said fiercely: " All the people!”

 Lu Tao held on to the steering wheel, with no expression on his face.

An old hotel suite, covered with old furniture and closed curtains. The furniture was moved to the corner, with a four-square table in the middle, and several tattoos were preparing the dishes on the floor. The previous three controlled bosses sat around the table, all stripped to vests and shorts. Set out the dishes, order the hot pot, and the thugs step aside, guarding the Windows and doors.

 The door opened, Gao Qiqiang walked in and said respectfully, " Brother Qiang!”

Gao Qiqiang nodded, pulled open the chair, and sat down in front of the three bosses.

"Hello, everyone, usually in the company is very difficult to get together, rare here to gather together. I just came out, this meal when you give me the wind! Come on, move chopsticks!”

None of them moved.

Wang said, " Hadron, you can it.”

 Gao Qiqiang ate meat: " You are all veterans of the construction group, Cheng Cheng wants to fight with me, I hope you stand on my side.”

All three men were silent.

 Gao continued: " Of course, I don't treat everyone badly."Said, he took out an envelope, handed it to the right hand face wrapped in gauze man," Xiao Zong, open to see.”

Xiao Zong shivered, opened the envelope, took out a few bank statements.

"You have been in charge of purchasing for so many years, and taking some kickbacks are understandable, but I didn't expect you to be so dark. I wonder what Uncle Tai thinks when he sees these bank bills?"Then, Gao Qiqiang took out another envelope and handed it to the man on the left side," Du, this woman has been with you for seven or eight years, recently has been forcing you to divorce, making you in a dilemma, right? I've helped you out. She won't show up again. How do you thank me?”

Mr.Du shivered and said, " I support Mr.Gao.”

 Gao Qiqiang took out his pocket again, but empty hands, nothing out. He smiled strangely at the man opposite him, and said: " Da Lao Wang, you are not greedy and dirty, really let me a little embarrassed.”

Gao Qiqiang dazzled, the thugs rushed up, grabbed Lao Wang's hand and pressed it into the hot pot. The fire was raging, and the soup in the pot poured up and down. Lao Wang, screaming, struggling desperately.

Gao Qiqiang said, " If you cannot listen to your chopsticks, you must grasp it with your hands."Shake his head again, and say," Savage!”

 Da Lao Wang shouted, " I support you! I support!”

Gao Qiqiang smiled with satisfaction.
------------

Chapter 12, with the same goal

 Solved the problem of the vice president, Gao Qiqiang walked back to the parking lot, let the Tang Xiaohu waiting there with people to control the driver Lu Tao and began to carefully search his car. The driver, Lu Tao, was calm down until Tang Xiaohu found half a bug the size of a matchbox in the back seat. Lu Tao still said vaguely that he did not know. Gao looked at the bug, which was dead, then stared at him for a while and said, " It's Not him.”

They were stunned, and did not understand the meaning of Gao Qiqiang.

Gao Qiqiang said: " Xiao Sheng, if you put it in, will you keep a dead power bug in the car?”

"Of course not.”

 Gao nodded: " This thing is full with electricity for about a week, so the dead bug just proves that the person who put it can not often have the chance to enter this car.”

Gao Qiqiang glanced at Tang Xiaohu and a few men, a few people scared not to move.

"I don't want to pursue it anymore."Gao Qiqiang patted Lu Tao's shoulder," after the car to often clean, do not appear again.”

 Lu Tao nodded.

Late at night, in the standard room of the small hotel, the curtains were low, and only two bedside lights were on. Lu Tao sat on the edge of the bed, without the calm in the day, hanging his hands, a little nervous. Cheng Cheng sat on the sofa with a cigarette in his mouth, pondering landing Tao's words.

"He didn't doubt you again?”

Lu Tao nodded: " According to my cousin, I put a dead power bug in the car in advance, and this thing is over. Sister, he said in the car, "they want to fight with them, until the clothes," —— is said to you?”

Cheng Cheng smiled: " may be deliberately to let you to pass the message.”

Lu Tao a zheng: " No! He treated me as he did.”

"To this share, Gao Qiqiang and I have no retreat.”

City public security bureau information section, two anti-drug detachment of the police are staring at the surveillance on the screen, a look is to endure a night, two eyes red. With steamed buns in their hands, they put "Lao Gan Ma" on it.

 Yang Jian pulled An Xin in angrily."We caught a drug dealer, surveillance took all his course of action yesterday, found a person looking particularly like your investigation report suspect, you to identify.”

Picture playback, freeze frame, zoom in. The man looked back in a tobacco hotel, his face just shot by the monitor.

 An Xin shouted out excitedly: " Zhang Daqing!”

 Zhang Daqing lives in the building in front of the tobacco hotel, where he has lived for two or three weeks, according to the store owner. At the request of Anxin and Yang Jian, the boss who had delivered the goods to Zhang Daqing took them to the place where Zhang Daqing lived.

The boss knocked on the door for a while, but no one answered. The door handle was turned twice, and the door was pushed open. An Xin and Yang Jian entered the house. The curtains in the room are closed, the leftover instant noodles buckets, bags scattered on the ground, there is a strong sour smell.

Yang Jian said, " The sour smell of chronic poor ventilation exists in many drug users, and I am used to it.”

An Xin asked, " Do you think Zhang Daqing took drugs?”

Yang Jian waved his hand and said, " I just said that he had very bad living habits. Can live the life into such, pornography, gambling and drugs basically occupy the same.”

 Anxin picked up several round chips with different colors from the table and said, " You're really right.”

 In the meeting room of the city public security bureau, a string of collected evidence on the table, have been classified. The pile of chips is the most conspicuous.

"In addition to the chips in the underground casino, we also found mobile phones, watches and other belongings in the room where Zhang Daqing was hiding, which we confirmed belonged to his brother Zhang Xiaoqing."An Xin reported to Guo Wenjie.

Guo Wenjie hung the injured arm and said: " It seems that Zhang Daqing was not coerced and imprisoned, but also free to move, that Zhang Xiaoqing's death, his suspicion is the biggest.”

 Anxin nodded, " Yes. His residence had been monitored 24 hours a day, but he never appeared again. It is understood that Zhang Daqing is good at gambling, often a bet is a few days and nights. I think we can find this casino to find Zhang Daqing.”

The task force meeting, Anxin and others have left the conference room. Yang Jian stood outside in the corridor early in the morning, saw Anxin, quickly grabbed him.

Anxin was startled. " What for all?”

"How can you thank me when I have helped you so much?”

"I just bought a camera and money is tight to wait for my pay.”

Yang Jian waved his hand: " Don't knock your stick, you give me meng Yu mobile phone number.”

An Xin a leng: " what do you want to do? I wonder what I do with her?”

Yang Jian smiled and said, " How narrow-minded? I've asked, and you got split. I want you, and I am open and aboveboard.”

 Anxin could not laugh or cry: " Then you remember.”

Yang Jian open happily took out the mobile phone, An Xin close to his ear said a string of numbers.

Anxin pointed to her phone and said, " That's a tiger. Don't blame me for not reminding you.”

 Yang Jian patted Anxin: " You just wait for my good news!”

Anxin waved her hand and left.

Yang Jian cleared his throat and dialed the phone. He came a low voice: " Hello.”

Yang Jian a leng: " which?”

The phone paused and said: " I am Meng Dehai, who are you?”

 Yang Jian was trembling, hung up the phone and gnashed his teeth: " Anxin!”

Inside the underground casino, An Xin with a person to kick open the door rushed in. There are three gambling tables in the house, two have been overturned, chips and cards scattered on the floor. A young man watching the field huddled in the corner, shivering.

An Xin took out her certificate and said, " Police! What about the others?”

The young man shivered: " Just came to dial the people, do not say anything, came in and hit the field, the official and the boss let them take away.”

Anxin frowned and said, " Why didn't you run away?”

"They told me to stay here, say if the police came, tell them they were at the old steel mill.”

 An Xin picked up a chip scattered on the ground, exactly like Zhang Daqing's home.

 In the abandoned factory, Gao Qiqiang is waiting for An Xin, standing behind him in a row of murderous tattoos, free of Zhang Daqing. There were five or six young men kneeling on the ground, all with bruises and blood on their faces and bodies, who had just been beaten.

 Anxin noticed blood marks on Gao's fist.

"Are you afraid that I will have no reason to arrest you?"An Xin asked.

 Tang Xiaohu rushed at the injured youth said: " How did you get hurt?”

Several people looked at each other."I fell by myself."One man whispered.

Anxin said helplessly, " My name is 120. Take it to the hospital first.”

Gao Qiqiang smiled: " still be a bad man, you don't ask them what they are?”

Tang Xiaohu kicked the young man: " I said to myself.”

The young man said, " I, we run a casino.”

Anxin said, " What? Want to do a good citizen, help us to rectify the public security environment? I know a dog has a mouse, but it's the first time I've ever seen a mouse.”

Gao Qiqiang smiled: " Anxin, I have put the bottom card bright to you, you still hide it, how boring. We are looking for Zhang Daqing just like you are. I have finished asking for you. Zhang Daqing has not been to the field recently. No one knows where he is hiding. You seize the casino everywhere, the movement is so big, Zhang Daqing should also get the news to hide. The house he had rented will not go back, and the man you sent to watch can withdraw.”

Anxin pointed to the young people: " I will take these people away.”

Gao Qiqiang said, " Whatever.”

Anxin asked, " What exactly did you do?”

"I kept saying that we could work together. If I only have to hear from Zhang Daqing, I will inform you immediately.”

"Give me a dead man?”

"Now I am the most afraid of Zhang Daqing's death. If he dies, my suspicion will not be removed. So don't worry, I won't move him a finger of him.”

An Xin understand that Gao Qiqiang said a truth, but he wants to admit cooperation, he can not open a mouth.

 Gao qiqiang said, " In your way, I have my channels. It is good that who finds Zhang Daqing first, for everyone.”

In the standard room of the small hotel, the room was dark, and the curtains shone faintly, showing that it was daytime. Zhang Daqing looked at the opposite Cheng Cheng.

"Mr.Cheng, is it safe here?”

 Cheng Cheng said, " Safe? Is there still a safe place in the world for you? I promised to protect you because you are useful to me. But you do not change, even dare to show the public eye to gamble. Do you know, you ruined a good game.”

Cheng Cheng's face was livid, and he scared Zhang Daqing half to death.

Zhang Daqing begged for mercy and said, " I was wrong, Mr.Cheng, you save me!”

"It's safe here for the time being, unless you find your own death. Now the wind is tight. In a few days, I will arrange a car to take you out of Jinghai.”

"Will you never come back again? That... if my family demolition, that demolition money......"

Cheng Cheng was angry again: " Do you still miss this? Are you not afraid of being shot?”

Zhang Daqing waved his hand and said: " Don't miss, don't, life is important!"Said the words, suddenly stunned," Cheng Zong, you should not be to kill me out?”

Cheng Cheng said contemptuously: " Do you think I am an outlaw like Gao Qiqiang?”
------------

 In Chapter 13, we will have a pleasant cooperation

In front of the milk tea shop, An Xin and Meng Yu are sitting outside the milk tea shop. The people of Mang Village were very unfriendly to the police and could only ask Meng Yu for his help.

"According to the people of Mang Village, Zhang Daqing is very popular in the village, but his younger brother Zhang Xiaoqing has a poor reputation in the village.”

Anxin asked, " Why? Is Zhang Daqing a bad gambler?”

Meng Yu thought about it and said, " No one mentioned this. It is said that Zhang Daqing is warm-hearted. He is relatively simple and does not make trouble, so everyone likes him. And Zhang Xiaoqing? In contrast to his brother, he often had some fights and petty theft. Because he is a youngest son, his parents love him very much.”

"Which of them is closer to Li Youtian and his son?”

"Zhang Xiaoqing.”

Ann Xin was thoughtful."I probably guessed Zhang Daqing's motivation. For gamblers, money matters the most. He can be an accomplice to Li Qing for money, but also can kill his brother for money.”

Meng Yu shrugged: " What's the use of knowing the motivation? I can't find him yet.”

An Xin plan to mind: " can find it! I have a plan, and I need you to help me bring Zhang Daqing out.”

 At the corner of the street, the idle Li Hongwei with two young people from the same village just passed across the street and recognized Meng Yu."I said why the police came to sweep the field that night, we all let her play!”

Across the crowd, An Xin and Meng Yu did not notice Li Hongwei's vicious eyes.

On the mountainside. Meng Dehai wearing sports clothes, the legs and feet are as good as the young people. Meng Yu behind a few steps, chase straight gasp thick: " Dad, you wait for me!”

 Meng Dehai was in a good mood."You are too weak. Quick, I'll wait for you at the pavilion.”

Meng Dehai deliberately walked faster and faster, far left off Meng Yu.

At the pavilion, Anxin was waiting for him."Uncle meng!”

Meng Dehai a leng: " how did you come?”

"I asked Meng Yu to ask you out. I want to trouble you.”

 Meng Dehai looked back, Meng Yu disappeared."This little girl, vengeful ah! I lied to her, she must come back.”

An Xin smiled.

Meng Dehai said, " But are you, too, as for being so mysterious?”

"You are now in charge of bidding, there are too many people staring at you, I try to give you less trouble.”

"Say, what matter?”

"Can we organize a public presentation for the local people?”

"The plan isn't out yet, the research has just started, and there's nothing to say.”

An Xin said: " To show, I want to use the demolition thing to bring people out.”

Meng Dehai suddenly came to the interest: " Oh, I want to catch people. What case?”

"The same murder as before.”

Meng Dehai nodded: " I think.”

Meng dehai paced twice in the bower."If you do it, don't just do it. Although the specific plan is not mature enough, the national policies can be explained. When the masses understand the policy, our future resistance will be smaller, which is necessary.”

 Anxin said: " The bigger the publicity, the better, let all the people concerned feel that they have to come!”

Qinghua District government hall in a special area, pull up a banner, as the demolition policy explanation site. The people of Qinghua District filled the hall, surrounded the staff asked the east. Lu Han, Shi Wei, Jiang Chao and others dressed in plain clothes mixed in the crowd, Zhang Daqing, wearing a hat, sunglasses and a mask, covered himself tightly, mixed in the crowd to listen to the staff to explain the policy.

 Lu Han quickly targeted him and whispered on the intercom: " Find a suspicious target.”

 Zhang Daqing heard vaguely understand, took a description material on the table, slipped away.

Lu Han quietly followed, but constantly someone flow collision, opened the distance. When Lu Han tried to separate the crowd, but Zhang Daqing's back disappeared. He anxiously pursued the direction of Zhang Daqing's disappearance. At the end of the corridor is a dead end, only the toilets. Lu Han immediately rushed into the men's toilet —— urinal no one. Lu Han pushed open the partition of a door, the most locked.

 Lu Han made the strength, the partition door open, an old man's voice from inside: " what!”

 Lu Han hurriedly apologized: " I'm sorry."Close the door.

 In the women's toilet, Zhang Daqing was dragged into the partition by Cheng Cheng, the top door.

Cheng Cheng grabbed Zhang Daqing by the collar, full of anger, and he also tried to lower his voice.

"You're crazy! Still dare to run to here! Do you know that this is the way the police gave you up!”

Zhang Daqing was stuck to his neck and could not speak.

Cheng Cheng slowly loosen the hand: " I don't trust, let the front desk to see you, you really slip out!”

Zhang Daqing said in a crying voice, " I heard that the demolition can not a house, directly take the money.”

Cheng Cheng said, " The money also belongs to your parents, which has nothing to do with you!”

Zhang Daqing was anxious: " But my brother is gone, they only one son, can't give me nothing?”

 Cheng Cheng angrily raised his fist, struggled to beat him, and then took off his hoodie."Take off your mask, take off your clothes, put on my clothes out!”

In the office of the chairman of Jinghai Construction Engineering Group, Gao Qiqiang and Uncle Tai sat on the sofa face to face. The tea set was spread out and the boiling water was boiled, but no one moved. The kettle was and harsh.

 Chen Shuting heard the noise outside and hurried in to pick up the kettle and make tea. " I was so happy that I didn't even hear the water boiling.”

The fragrance of tea floated out, and the atmosphere eased slightly.

Uncle Tai said, " I haven't seen you in the company for a long time.”

Gao Qiqiang thought about it and said, " There are some rumors outside recently that I say very badly, I am afraid of bringing negative impact to the company.”

Uncle Tai waved: " People are not afraid of the shadow oblique, let them say to go.”

"I'd better be careful. Now is the critical period of bidding, some occasions I will not appear, you are more appropriate.”

Uncle Tai is very surprised: " that project has been you do, see completed nine out of ten, let out is not a pity?”

Gao Qiqiang shook his head: " not to let, are the business of the group, who do the same.”

Chen Shuting said: " Uncle Tai, Qi Qiang take the group as their own home, will not care about.”

Gao qiqiang nodded: " I will continue to be responsible for the design and engineering, but I will not come forward, which is good to both the group and me. After a recent lawsuit, the police were still staring at me, leaving me exhausted.”

"It surprised me that you saw the big picture so mind.”

Chen Shuting smiled and said, " See what you say is all your own family.”

Uncle Tai said: " So said, I can't be too outside, there is a thing I directly said. To do this project down, you need your courage and courage, but also need the technology and knowledge of the process. Your infighting is the biggest loss for the group.”

 Gao qiqiang looked at Uncle Tai and remembered what Chen Shuting had said: " Cheng Cheng is a construction student, and he have a set of dealing with the government, not only because she is beautiful. Now young leaders are getting more and more educated, which is the trend. A few years ago, you dealt with the following, and then look up, before you build your own network, the group cannot do without Cheng Cheng.”

Gao Qiqiang bowed his head in silence. Chen Shuting looked at Gao Qiqiang, seemingly worried.

 Gao Qiqiang gritted his teeth: " This thing... forget it!”

Uncle Tai did not expect him to relax so easy, not surprised.

Gao Qiqiang said: " But there is one thing, she don't come to trouble me!”

Tai uncle some excited: " benefit is modest, tolerance is big!great talent! Book Ting, you did not see the eye, is a big talent!”

Chen Shuting smiled and said, " It is you who see him first!”

Uncle Tai smiled: " Right, right. Weekend we go to sea to catch a fish, I call Cheng, let her apologize to you!”

 Gao Qiqiang took out a gift box from the bag under his feet."I remember you think before that tea pet is not rich, I specially asked the master to ask, is the position is wrong.”

 The gift box opened, revealing a golden toad, exactly like the one Uncle Tai had given him.

 The move surprised Ms.Chen.

Uncle Tai looked cold.

Gao Qiqiang said: " You let it sit in the throne, toward the door, must make money.”

 Uncle Tai's face changed a few times, and he laughed: " Good, I accepted.”

On the screen of the information department of the Municipal Public Security Bureau, Zhang Daqing, wearing sunglasses and a mask, looked around at the policy briefing. Picture freeze frame.

Anxin asked, " Is it him?”

Lu Han nodded: " Yes, at that time too many people I didn't stare at, crowded lost.”

Anxin did it herself. He found out that the woman in a hoodie had turned Zhang Daqing into the women's toilet. Ann is quick to advance. After a while, the hoodie came out of the women's room again. Xin freeze frame."It's changed.”

Lu Han said, " I have accomplices. No wonder I can't find them anymore.”

Anxin pointed: " The video of the man in the red hoodie going out from the door of the district government continued at the same time.”

 Lu Han nodded: " Yes!”

 Late at night, the city public security bureau information section, Lu Han, Jiang Chao, Shi Wei and others are in the operation, two consecutive days of work let their eyes boil red, finally found the red hoodie to the place —— private hotel "shen hotel".

But when they arrived here, scaffolding had been set up in front of the hostel, workers were dismantling the light box of "hotel", and other workers carried the furniture from the door. The hotel was closed and redecorated. Anxin and the members of the task force were stunned.

Cheng Cheng, a work suit, carried the furniture out with the workers."Officer Ann, why are you here?”

"There are tasks, passing by. Is this also the industry of your construction engineering group?”

 Cheng Cheng shook his head: " Sorry, it is my personal investment. A few years ago, I said I would build a university town here, so I bought the hotel. In the university town, the hotel could not earn money, so it was abandoned. Just recently not busy, I want to clean up, rent out.”

 An Xin looked at Cheng Cheng calm appearance, the heart cool half, know that Zhang Daqing has been transferred by her.

 After much thought, Anxin decided to meet out with Gao Qiqiang.

Or the noodle shop they went to together, the decoration has not changed. When Gao Qiqiang walked in, there were no other guests in the room, only Anxin sitting in the same position, eating noodles.

"You call me here to eat, how can you eat it by yourself first.”

Anxin said, " I'm afraid you're a big boss and you can't like it.”

"Find me out, you must need me, but I don't even want to eat a meal with me. Brother, you can't do this.”

 An Xin turned his head: " boss, check out!”

Gao Qiqiang was stunned.

Anxin said: " Just when I'm still struggling, listen to you say that, I don't worry. Goodbye, just think I didn't ask you.”

 Gao Qiqiang pulled An Xin and smiled at the boss: " Don't worry, don't pay the bill, give me a bowl of noodles.”

After a while, the face was served up. Gao Qiqiang's eating phase as before, as long as he held the bowl, what around do not care.

An Xin said, " We went to catch Zhang Daqing, but it was empty.”

"Looks like I'm being ruled out?”

Anxin hesitated and said, " At present, the biggest suspect is Chen Tai's personal assistant, Cheng Cheng. Can you provide some clues?”

"I wouldn't have done it but for her. Now that you identified her, you'll have a chance to bring her to your door.”

Anxin did not speak, waiting for him to confuse himself.

"You have posted a picture of Daqing at all the traffic entrances and exits of Jinghai. Quietly, my people are also staring at the water and land freight, not out in the light and dark. Zhang Daqing must still be in Jinghai. This weekend, Chen Tai asked me and Cheng Cheng to accompany him to the sea fishing, at the Nanwan dock. If you were going, what would you do?”

Anxin said: " Take this opportunity to send Zhang Daqing to leave Jinghai.”

Gao Qiqiang nodded: " to the sea is not your police in the sea.”

"When do you set out?”

"Let me know. When you start, don't rush to catch Zhang Daqing, make some names, don't let them see that I told me.”

Anxin nodded. " I will arrange it.”

 Gao Qi wiped his mouth and held up the water cup on the table: " Happy cooperation.”

Anxin picked up the water glass, did not touch it, and took a drink from herself.

Gao Qiqiang was not embarrassed at all, waving in: " Boss, he paid!”
------------
